  1040tt		      available	 U.S. tax calculator for form 1040 filers
  123-menu		      available	 Simple menuing system, reminiscent of Lotus 123 in DOS
  Enhanced-Ruby-Mode	      available	 Replacement for ruby-mode which uses ruby 1.9's Ripper to parse and indent
  Execute		      available	 
  LazyCatDepend		      available	 
  LazyCatFont		      available	 
  LazyCatKeystoke	      available	 
  LazyCatRedefine	      available	 
  LazyCatSetup		      available	 
  LazyCatStartup	      available	 
  LazyCatTheme		      available	 
  PowerShell-Mode	      available	 Mode for editing Powershell scripts
  Powershell		      available	 run powershell as an inferior shell in emacs
  ProofGeneral		      available	 Proof General is a generic front-end for proof assistants (also known as interactive theorem provers)
  STING-software-engineering-glossary available	
  SuperDuperRedundantPlus+    available	 
  TeXMed		      available	 Query and retrieve BibTeX from NCBI pubmed via TeXMed in Emacs
  UniBasic		      available	 
  a-menu		      available	 create a menu from a specified directory
  abbrev-complete	      available	 Abbrev mode completion function
  abc-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing abc music files
  ac-R			      available	 Auto-completion-mode support for R
  ac-anything		      available	 Auto Complete with Anything
  ac-anything2		      available	 ac-anything.el for the latest version of auto-complete.el
  ac-dabbrev		      available	 Emacs auto-complete plugin for Dynamic Abbreviations
  ac-ghc-mod		      available	 
  ac-lilypond		      available	 Set up the use of LilyPond with auto-complete
  ac-math		      available	 This is an add-on which defines three ac-sources for the auto-complete package
  ac-octave		      available	 octave completions support for auto-complete
  ac-python		      available	 Simple Python Completion Source for Auto-Complete
  ac-slime		      available	 Emacs auto-complete plugin for Slime symbols
  accelerate		      available	 pump numeric arg for auto-repeated interactive commands
  acd			      available	 A major mode to edit emboss acd files
  ace-jump-mode		      available	 A quick cursor location minor mode for emacs
  ack			      available	 Use ack where you might usually use grep.
  acme-search		      available	 right-click searching
  actionscript-mode-connors   available	 actionscript mode derived from cc-mode
  actionscript-mode-haas-5.6  available	 major mode for editing actionscript code
  actionscript-mode-haas-7.0  available	 A simple mode for editing Actionscript 3 files
  active-menu		      available	 Active Menu toggles the display of the menu bar automatically when the mouse comes close to it. Otherwise you get one more line of code.
  ada-gpr		      available	 major-mode for editing GNAT project files
  adc			      available	 
  adoc-mode		      available	 A major-mode for editing AsciiDoc files in Emacs.
  aes			      available	 Implementation of AES
  ahg			      available	 An Emacs front-end for the Mercurial SCM.
  ajc-java-complete-my-config-example available	Auto Java Completion for GNU Emacs
  akkadian		      available	 
  alarm			      available	 Alarm
  alert			      available	 Growl-style notification system for Emacs
  align			      available	 aling text seperated by whitespaces in columns
  align-by-current-symbol     available	 Align lines containing a symbol according to that symbol.
  align-let		      available	 Align command for `let' forms and `setq' lists
  alpha-window		      available	 
  alt-font-menu		      available	 alternative (auto generated) font menu for x
  amarok		      available	 Simple interface to Amarok music player
  amazon		      available	 Emacs client for Amazon E-Commerce Service (i.e. use Emacs to search books on Amazon.com)
  amigo			      available	 interface with friendfeed.com
  ampc			      available	 Asynchronous Music Player Controller
  analog		      available	 monitor lists of files or command output
  anaphora		      available	 anaphoric macros providing implicit temp variables
  anchored-transpose	      available	 Transposes a phrase around an anchor phrase
  android-mode		      available	 Emacs minor mode for Android application development
  annotate		      available	 simple file annotation system
  ansi			      available	 This package defines functions that turns simple strings to ansi strings. Turning a string into an ansi string can be to add color to a text, add color in the background of a text or adding a style, such as bold, underscore or italic.
  ansi-color		      available	 translate ANSI escape sequences into faces
  ansys-mod		      available	 editing Ansys log files under Emacs
  ant			      available	 Helpers for using ant with emacs.
  any-ini-mode		      available	 Keyword highlighting for .ini files etc based on a 'source of truth'
  anything		      available	 Open anything / QuickSilver-like candidate-selection framework
  anything-R		      available	 anything-sources and some utilities for GNU R.
  anything-TamasPatrovics     available	 open anything
  anything-ack		      available	 search refinement of ack result with anything
  anything-adaptive	      available	 Sort candidates by usage frequency
  anything-auto-install	      available	 Integrate auto-install.el with anything.el
  anything-books	      available	 Anything command for PDF books
  anything-c-aspell-interactively available Interactive aspell with `anything'.
  anything-c-javadoc	      available	 anything-sources for opening javadocs.
  anything-c-shell-history    available	 shell history anything.el interface
  anything-complete	      available	 completion with anything
  anything-config	      available	 Applications libary for `anything.el'
  anything-dabbrev-expand     available	 dabbrev-expand / dabbrev-completion / partial-dabbrev using anything.el
  anything-delicious	      available	 
  anything-el-swank-fuzzy     available	 anything-sources for el-swank-fuzzy.el
  anything-emms		      available	 Integrate EMMS with `anything.el'
  anything-eproject	      available	 Anything integration for eproject.
  anything-etags	      available	 
  anything-extension	      available	 Extension functions for anything.el
  anything-exuberant-ctags    available	 Exuberant ctags anything.el interface
  anything-grep		      available	 search refinement of grep result with anything
  anything-gtags	      available	 GNU GLOBAL anything.el interface
  anything-howm		      available	 `anything' interface for `howm'
  anything-include	      available	 
  anything-ipa		      available	 Anything interface of In Place Annotation
  anything-ipython	      available	 
  anything-irfc		      available	 Integration irfc.el with anything.el
  anything-kyr		      available	 Show context-aware commands
  anything-kyr-config	      available	 Configuration of anything-kyr.el
  anything-match-plugin	      available	 Multiple regexp matching methods for anything
  anything-menu		      available	 anything.el candidate selection outside Emacs 
  anything-mercurial	      available	 
  anything-migemo	      available	 Migemo plug-in for anything
  anything-obsolete	      available	 obsolete functions of anything
  anything-orgcard	      available	 browse the orgcard by anything
  anything-rcodetools	      available	 accurate Ruby method completion with anything
  anything-rurima	      available	 Look up Japanese Ruby Reference Manual with anything.el
  anything-search-file	      available	 Search file by locate or find.
  anything-show-completion    available	 Show selection in buffer for anything completion
  anything-slime	      available	 anything-sources and some utilities for SLIME.
  anything-startup	      available	 anything.el startup file
  anything-traverse	      available	 Use traverselisp within anything.
  anything-yaetags	      available	 Yet another etags interface with anything.
  aok			      available	 various useful ways to do `multi-occur'
  apache-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing Apache configuration files
  apel			      available	 APEL (A Portable Emacs Library) is a library to support to write portable Emacs Lisp programs.
  applescript-mode	      available	 Emacs mode for editing AppleScript.
  application		      available	 start application for files matching entries from application-caller-list
  apply-mode-line-format      available	 Return `mode-line-format' as a string
  appt			      available	 Notification of appointments from your diary file.
  apropos+		      available	 Extensions to `apropos.el'
  apropos-fn+var	      available	 Apropos for functions and variables
  apt-utils		      available	 Emacs interface to APT (Debian package management)
  archive-region	      available	 Move region to archive file instead of killing
  armenian		      available	 
  arrange-buffers	      available	 display all buffers which name and mode match a regexp 
  artbollocks-mode	      available	 A minor mode to guide art writers
  artist-xmas		      available	 xemacs port of artist.el
  arxiv-reader		      available	 an interface for reading and sorting arXiv abstracts.
  ascii			      available	 ASCII code display.
  ascii-table		      available	 simple ASCII table
  asciidoc		      available	 Emacs support for writing Asciidoc
  ascope		      available	 
  atim-unscroll		      available	 Minor mode for restoring buffer look as it was before scrolling.
  atom-blogger		      available	 Utilities for Atom Blogger API
  auctex		      available	 AUCTeX is an extensible package for writing and formatting TeX files in GNU Emacs and XEmacs. It supports many different TeX macro packages, including AMS-TeX, LaTeX, Texinfo, ConTeXt, and docTeX (dtx files).
  audel			      available	 An audtool frontend for Emacs
  auto-async-byte-compile     available	 Automatically byte-compile when saved
  auto-capitalize	      available	 Automatically capitalize (or upcase) words
  auto-complete		      available	 The most intelligent auto-completion extension.
  auto-complete+	      available	 Auto complete plus
  auto-complete-chunk	      available	 Auto-completion for dot.separated.words.
  auto-complete-clang	      available	 Auto-complete sources for Clang. Combine the power of AC, Clang and Yasnippet.
  auto-complete-css	      available	 Auto-complete sources for CSS
  auto-complete-emacs-lisp    available	 Auto-complete sources for emacs lisp
  auto-complete-etags	      available	 Auto-complete sources for etags
  auto-complete-extension     available	 Some extension for auto-complete-mode
  auto-complete-latex	      available	 A LaTeX extention for auto-complete-mode
  auto-complete-rst	      available	 Auto-complete extension for ReST and Sphinx
  auto-complete-ruby	      available	 Auto-complete sources for Ruby
  auto-complete-verilog	      available	 Auto-completion source for verilog
  auto-complete-yasnippet     available	 Auto-complete sources for YASnippet
  auto-dictionnary	      available	 Auto-dictionary-mode tries to guess the buffer's text language and adjusts flyspell automatically.  Currently English, German, French, Spanish, Swedish, Slovenian, Hungarian, Romanian and Portuguese are somewhat supported.  Additional languages are easily added.
  auto-document		      available	 Automatic document generator of Emacs Lisp
  auto-indent		      available	 automatically indent source code
  auto-indent-mode	      available	 Automatically Indent  when pressing return, pasting, and other customizable features.
  auto-insert-choose	      available	 
  auto-install		      available	 Auto install elisp file
  auto-install-batch-list     available	 Data file of auto-install.el
  auto-install-extension      available	 Some extension functions for auto-install.el
  auto-mark		      available	 Mark automatically
  auto-pair+		      available	 Autopair handler to extend Autopair behavior.
  auto-pair-plus	      available	 Autopair handler to extend Autopair behavior.
  auto-preamble		      available	 
  auto-recomp		      available	 Automatically recompile Emacs Lisp files
  auto-scroll		      available	 Automatically scroll down line.
  auto-yasnippet	      available	 Quickly create disposable yasnippets
  autofit-frame		      available	 Automatically resize one-window frames to fit
  autoinfo		      available	 show automatic information for the current selection
  autoload+		      available	 Extensions to `autoload.el'.
  autopair		      available	 Autopair is an extension to the Emacs text editor that automatically pairs braces and quotes.
  autosmiley		      available	 Convert smileys into their graphical representation
  autotest		      available	 ZenTest's autotest integration with emacs.
  avenue-mode		      available	 major mode for editing ESRI avenue scrips
  awk-it		      available	 Little utility that combines awk and yasnippet.
  axcess		      available	 Axcess and Netlinx editing support
  ayr-china-util	      available	 
  babel			      available	 An Emacs interface to different translation services available on the Internet.
  back-button		      available	 Visual navigation through mark rings
  background		      available	 
  backport-package	      available	 lift package.el from emacs 24 for use in emacs 23
  backup-each-save	      available	 backup each savepoint of a file
  basic			      available	 major mode for editing basic and visual basic code
  basic-edit-toolkit	      available	 Basic edit toolkit.
  batch-mode		      available	 major mode for editing ESRI batch scrips
  bazaar		      available	 
  bbcode-mode		      available	 A simple derived-mode for editing bbcode in emacs.
  bbdb			      available	 The Insidious Big Brother Database (BBDB) is a contact management utility.
  bbdb-mew		      available	 BBDB interface to Mew
  bbdb-sms		      available	 bbdb functions for sending SMS text messages with sms-mode
  bbdb-vcard		      available	 vCard Import and Export for The Insidious Big Brother Database (BBDB)
  bbdb-vcard-export	      available	 export BBDB as vCard files
  bc-mode		      available	 BC code editing commands for Emacs
  bc-mode-original	      available	 
  befunge-mode		      available	 An interpreter/debugger for the 2D Befunge programming language
  beginner		      available	 simplify Emacs
  bencode		      available	 Serialize integers, strings, lists, and hash-tables
  better-registers	      available	 facilities for more powerful registers
  bf			      available	 BrainFuck compiler written in Emacs-Lisp
  bfocus		      available	 
  bg-rlogin-setup	      available	 Rlogin setup
  bhl			      available	 From (P)lain text to (H)tml and (L)aTeX.
  bibretrieve		      available	 Retrieve BibTeX entries from the web.
  bibsnarf		      available	 get BibTeX format bibliography entries from the net
  bibtex-utils		      available	 utilities for BibTeX
  bibus			      available	 Major mode for displaying and managing reference keys
  bidi			      available	 bidi support for Emacs
  bidi-table-test	      available	 test bidi type categories for Emacs -*- coding: iso-2022-7bit -*-
  bindings+		      available	 Enhancements to standard library `bindings.el'.
  birds-of-paradise-plus-theme available A Emacs port of Joseph Bergantine's light-on-dark theme by the same name.
  bitlbee		      available	 Help get Bitlbee (http://www.bitlbee.org) up and running
  bitly			      available	 Shorten URLs with bit.ly from emacs
  bk			      available	 Emacs support for BitKeeper configuration management
  blank-mode		      available	 minor mode to visualize TAB, (HARD) SPACE, NEWLINE
  blender-python-mode	      available	 The Blender Python Mode makes it easy to use Emacs for Blender Python development.
  blip			      available	 interface with blip.pl
  blorg			      available	 Blogging engine using Emacs Org-mode to create static pages
  bm-ext		      available	 List all bookmarks in all buffers
  bmi			      available	 Calculate body mass index (BMI)
  bookmark+		      available	 Extensions to standard library `bookmark.el'
  bookmark+-1		      available	 First part of package Bookmark+.
  bookmark+-bmu		      available	 Bookmark+ code for the `*Bookmark List*' (bmenu).
  bookmark+-chg		      available	 Change logs for Bookmark+ libraries.
  bookmark+-doc		      available	 Documentation for package Bookmark+.
  bookmark+-key		      available	 Bookmark+ key and menu bindings.
  bookmark+-lit		      available	 Bookmark highlighting for Bookmark+.
  bookmark+-mac		      available	 Macros for Bookmark+.
  bookmark-add		      available	 creates the buffer for work with bookmarks
  bookmark-extensions	      available	 Extensions to standard library bookmark.el.
  bookmark-iterator	      available	 iterate through tags - similar to DevStudio
  boxquote		      available	 Quote text with a semi-box.
  bpath			      available	 small bookmark tool
  bracketphobia		      available	 Protect the user from the Bracket Invasion
  breadcrumb		      available	 Breadcrumb is an add-on module for Emacs that allows you to set a series of quick bookmarks in the file buffers, and jump back to them quickly.
  browse-kill-ring	      available	 Interactively insert items from kill-ring
  browse-kill-ring+	      available	 Extensions to `browse-kill-ring.el'.
  browse-url-dwim	      available	 Context-sensitive external browse URL or Internet search
  browse-urn		      available	 Functionality for browsing URNs
  bs-ext		      available	 Extensions to emacs buffer-selection library (bs.el)
  bst-mode		      available	 major mode for editing BibTeX style files
  btjunkie-search	      available	 brutal query engine against btjunkie.org
  buff-menu+		      available	 Extensions to `buff-menu.el'.    -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  buffer-extension	      available	 Some enhanced functions for buffer manipulate.
  buffer-move		      available	 Swap buffers without typing C-x b on each window
  buffer-ring		      available	 A torus for buffer navigation. A ring of buffers, and a ring of buffer rings.
  buffer-stack		      available	 Enhanced intelligent switch-to-other-buffer replacement.
  buffer-stack-suppl	      available	 Bubble though buffers of the same major-mode
  buffer-time-stamp	      available	 display buffer time stamps in the mode line
  buffer-utils		      available	 Buffer-manipulation utility functions
  bug			      available	 A simple, alternative interface to the ant command line
  bundler		      available	 Interact with Bundler from Emacs
  buqis			      available	 Quick buffers switcher.
  button-lock		      available	 Clickable text defined by regular expression
  byrd-biff		      available	 Mail notification
  byte-code-cache	      available	 Automatically cache byte-compiled versions of .el files as they're loaded, automatically recompiling them as necessary.
  bzr-ui		      available	 Utility functions to navigate a working copy of a bazaar repository
  c-eldoc		      available	 helpful description of the arguments to C functions
  c-toggle-dot-pointer	      available	 Functions for toggling a variable in a C function between pointer and non-pointer
  cabecera		      available	 
  cacoo			      available	 Minor mode for Cacoo (http://cacoo.com)
  cal-china-x		      available	 Chinese calendar extras
  cal-desk-calendar	      available	 Desk calendar style extensions to Emacs' Calendar/Diary
  cal-html		      available	 calendar functions for printing calendars with HTML.
  cal-opts		      available	 Set various calendar, diary etc. options.
  calc-inline		      available	 Evaluate calc-expression within ordinary text.
  calendar+		      available	 Calendar, diary and appointments stuff.
  calfw			      available	 A calendar framework for Emacs (with support for `org-mode', `howm' and iCal files)
  caml-mode		      available	 O'Caml code editing commands for Emacs
  cc-mode+		      available	 Extensions to `c-mode.el' & `cc-mode.el'.
  cdb-gud		      available	 Grand Unified Debugger mode for running CDB
  cdi			      available	 interface between Emacs and command line CD players
  cdlatex-mode		      available	 a minor mode which re-implements many features also found in the AUCTeX LaTeX mode.
  cedet			      available	 CEDET is a Collection of Emacs Development Environment Tools written with the end goal of creating an advanced development environment in Emacs.
  celssc-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing celestia script files
  centered-cursor-mode	      available	 cursor stays vertically centered
  cexp			      available	 Poorman's implementation of combined expressions.
  cfml-helper-mode	      available	 Major mode for composing cfml files.
  cg-mode		      available	 mode for editing cg programs
  cgi			      available	 using Emacs for CGI scripting
  cgi+			      available	 Run CGI inside emacs
  cheat			      available	 Provide a handy interface to cheat
  cheezburger		      available	 ICanHasCheezburger.com viewer for emacs!
  chill-mode		      available	 
  chill-modee		      available	 major mode for editing CHILL code.
  chinese-chess		      available	 Chinese Chess Game   -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
  chinese-chess-pvc	      available	 a chinese chess computer player -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
  chinese-menu		      available	 Add chinese menu bar -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
  chinese-t-menu	      available	 Add chinese-t menu bar -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
  chm-view		      available	 View CHM file.
  chuck-mode		      available	 An editing mode for the chuck language.
  circe			      available	 Circe is yet another client for IRC in Emacs. It provides most features one would expect from an IRC client, with sane defaults to start from.
  cisco-router-mode	      available	 Major mode for editing Cisco router configuration files
  cite			      available	 Citing engine for Gnus
  cj5input		      available	 
  cl-array		      available	 
  claire-mode		      available	 for claire, an object oriented language
  clang-completion-mode	      available	 Clang Code-Completion minor mode, for use with C/Objective-C/C++
  clevercss		      available	 This is a Emacs major mode for editing CleverCSS files. It provides smart indentation, syntax highlighting and basic text manipulation commands.
  clibpc		      available	 partial complete functions for c libraries
  clojure-mode		      available	 Emacs support for the Clojure language.
  closure		      available	 Experimental closure prototypes
  closure2		      available	 closures for elisp
  cm-mode		      available	 Wrapper for CodeMirror-style emacs modes.
  cm-path		      available	 
  cm-string		      available	 
  cmake-mode		      available	 Provides syntax highlighting and indentation for CMakeLists.txt and *.cmake source files.
  cmd-mode		      available	 Edit of MS Windows cmd and bat files ;; -*- coding: sjis-dos -*-
  cobol-mode		      available	 Handles only what little Cobol I happen to know
  code-definition-window      available	 
  codepad		      available	 Emacs integration for codepad.org (a web paste service).
  coffee-mode		      available	 Emacs Major Mode for CoffeeScript
  col-highlight		      available	 Highlight the current column.
  color-browser		      available	 A utility for designing Emacs color themes.
  color-moccur		      available	  multi-buffer occur (grep) mode
  color-occur		      available	 
  color-theme		      available	 An Emacs-Lisp package with more than 50 color themes for your use. For questions about color-theme
  color-theme-ahei	      available	 Color Theme by ahei
  color-theme-almost-monokai  available	 A beautiful, fruity, calm, yet dark color theme for Emacs.
  color-theme-black-purple    available	 
  color-theme-chocolate-rain  available	 Chocolate rain color theme for Emacs based on Ludvig Widman's Choco TextMate theme
  color-theme-desert	      available	 A port of VIM's desert color theme to Emacs.
  color-theme-domq	      available	 DominiqueQuatravaux's very own color theme!
  color-theme-emacs-revert-theme available 
  color-theme-empty-void      available	 
  color-theme-inkpot	      available	 
  color-theme-ir-black	      available	 IR Black Color Theme for Emacs.
  color-theme-mac-classic     available	 A emacs colour theme which resembles the TextMate Mac Classic colour theme.
  color-theme-maker	      available	 install color themes
  color-theme-railscasts      available	 Railscasts color theme for Emacs.
  color-theme-reg	      available	 is modified based on color-theme-x.el, convert color themes to win32 register settings. 
  color-theme-sanityinc	      available	 Two pleasant medium-contrast Emacs color themes in light and dark flavours
  color-theme-solarized	      available	 Emacs highlighting using Ethan Schoonover's Solarized color scheme
  color-theme-subdued	      available	 Color theme based on the Tango color palette
  color-theme-tango	      available	 Color theme based on Tango Palette. Created by danranx@gmail.com
  color-theme-tango-2	      available	 A color theme based on Tango Palette.
  color-theme-tangotango      available	 Another color theme based on the Tango palette.
  color-theme-tomorrow	      available	 Emacs highlighting using Chris Charles's Tomorrow color scheme
  color-theme-twilight	      available	 Twilight color theme for GNU Emacs inspired by TextMate.
  color-theme-ubuntu2	      available	 
  color-theme-vim-insert-mode available	 
  color-theme-x		      available	 convert color themes to X11 resource settings
  color-theme-zen-and-art     available	 Irfn's zen with a bit of art.
  color-theme-zenburn	      available	 Just some alien fruit salad to keep you in the zone
  column-marker		      available	 Highlight certain character columns
  columnize		      available	 Formats a list of items into columns (pillars)
  comint-kill-output-to-kill-ring available  Kill last comint output and put it in the kill ring
  comint-scroll-to-bottom     available	 Keep the comint prompt at the bottom
  command-frequency	      available	 This page lists emacs's commands in the order of their frequency of use.
  command-remapping-settings  available	 Remap commands in all modes from a custom variable
  compile+		      available	 Extensions to `compile.el'.
  compile+20		      available	 Extensions to `compile.el'.
  compile-		      available	 Extensions to `compile.el'.
  compile-20		      available	 Extensions to `compile.el'.
  compile-dwim		      available	 Automatic generate compile-command
  compile-helper	      available	 
  completion-11-4	      available	 
  completion-selection	      available	 Completion mechanism selection for completion-ui
  completion-ui-more-sources  available	 Completion-UI more completion sources
  confluence-el		      available	 Atlassian has a wiki called Confluence. This extension allows you to interact with Confluence from Emacs.
  constraint		      available	 a constraint propagation library in elisp
  contentswitch		      available	 switch to buffer/file by content
  context		      available	 
  control-lock		      available	 Like caps-lock, but for your control key.  Give your pinky a rest!
  cook-mode		      available	 Major mode for writing cook (a make replacement) files
  coptic		      available	 
  copy-from-surrounding-lines available	 
  copyedit		      available	 tweak editing commands for handling prose.
  corba			      available	 A Client Side CORBA Implementation for Emacs
  coroutine		      available	 Coroutines for Emacs Lisp
  couchdb-document	      available	 couchdb document handler
  couchdb-document-text	      available	 couchdb document as text
  cperl-auto-name	      available	 auto name pm buffers
  cperl-mode		      available	 Perl code editing commands for Emacs
  cppsense		      available	 Simple, heuristic, tag-based C++ coding assistant
  cricket		      available	 Get live cricket scores and news updates from inside emacs.
  crontab-mode		      available	 Mode for editing crontab files
  crosshairs		      available	 Highlight the current line and column.
  cruisecontrol		      available	 Talking to a cruisecontrol server with emacs
  cscope		      available	 Interface to cscope browser
  csharp-mode		      available	 This is a mode for editing C# in emacs. It's based on cc-mode, v5.30.3 and above.
  css-mode		      available	 Minor mode for CSS
  css-mode-simple	      available	 A (very) minimal CSS mode.
  css-palette		      available	 
  cssh			      available	 ClusterSSH meets Emacs 
  csv			      available	 Functions for reading and parsing CSV (Comma Separated Value) files.
  csv-mode		      available	 CsvMode, csv-mode, is a package by FrancisJWright for editing comma separated value files (.csv).
  csv-nav		      available	 Navigate and edit CSV files
  ctypes		      available	 Enhanced Font lock support for custom defined types.
  cursor-chg		      available	 Change cursor dynamically, depending on the context.
  cus-edit+		      available	 Enhancements to `cus-edit.el'.
  cycle-buffer		      available	 select buffer by cycling through
  cygwin-mount		      available	 Teach EMACS about cygwin styles and mount points.
  cyril-win-util	      available	  utilities for Cyrillic-CP1251 scripts. 
  cyrillic-dvorak	      available	 
  cyrillic-folding	      available	 support for Cyrillic -*- coding: iso-2022-7bit; -*-
  cyrillic-win		      available	 support for Cyrillic-CP1251 -*- coding: iso-2022-7bit; -*-
  cython-mode		      available	 Major mode for the Cython language
  d-insert-assert	      available	 Automagical verbose assert insertion for D Programming Language
  d-insert-import	      available	 insert import statement for D language
  d-insert-import-data	      available	 Data file of d-insert-import.el
  d-mode		      available	 Digitalmars-D-Mode for emacs
  dabbrev-expand-multiple     available	 dabbrev-expand for multiple
  darcsum		      available	 A pcl-cvs like interface for managing darcs patches
  date-calc		      available	 date calculation and parsing routines
  db-sql		      available	 Connect to SQL server using tramp syntax
  dbgr			      available	 The Grand "Cathedral" Debugger rewrite: Towards a modular framework for interacting with external debuggers.
  dbk			      available	 convert docbook to muse
  ddl-mode		      available	 Handles the Tandem-Compaq-HP DDL language.
  ddskk			      available	 A Japanese input method on Emacs.
  def-face-const	      available	 Macro for defining faces & their variables.
  defaultcontent	      available	 a templating tool. Fill new files with default content.
  deferred		      available	 Simple asynchronous functions for emacs lisp
  deferred-flyspell	      available	 Defer spell checking
  defshell		      available	 Define inferior shells -*-unibyte: t; coding: iso-8859-1;-*-
  deft			      available	 Deft is an Emacs mode for quickly browsing, filtering, and editing directories of plain text notes, inspired by Notational Velocity.
  delim-col		      available	 prettify all columns in a region or rectangle
  delsel		      available	 Delete the region (selection) upon char insertion or DEL.
  descbinds-anything	      available	 Yet Another describe-bindings with anything
  descr-text+		      available	 Extensions to `descr-text.el'.
  desktop-menu		      available	 menu for managing Emacs desktops
  devel-notes		      available	 Add annotation to sources and track them in an org file.
  devkitemacs		      available	 Helper functions for working with the devkitpro package (NDS and PSP development)
  df-mode		      available	 Minor mode to show space left on devices in the mode line 
  dgpg			      available	 David's GPG Extensions for Emacs
  di			      available	 Simple directory editor for GNU Emacs
  dialog		      available	 dialog box interface using widgets, frames and windows
  diameter-avp		      available	 Compute diameter-avp in hexadecimal-form
  dict			      available	 Emacs interface to dict client
  dictem		      available	 dict lookup
  dictionary		      available	 Emacs package for talking to a dictionary server
  diff+			      available	 Extensions to `diff.el' for Emacs 21 and later.
  diff+20		      available	 Extensions to `diff.el' for Emacs 20 or older.
  diff-git		      available	 A small emacs extension for working with the git index from within diff-mode
  diff-mode-		      available	 Extensions to `diff-mode.el'.
  diffstat		      available	 a mode for showing the summary of diff
  dig			      available	 Domain Name System dig interface
  dim-google		      available	 
  diminish		      available	 An Emacs package that diminishes the amount of space taken on the mode line by the names of minor modes.
  dired+		      available	 Extensions to Dired
  dired-column-widths	      available	 Corrects column widths after entry modification.
  dired-details		      available	 Make file details hide-able in dired
  dired-details+	      available	 Extensions to `dired-details.el'.
  dired-efap		      available	 Edit Filename At Point in a dired buffer
  dired-extension	      available	 Some extension for dired
  dired-filetype-face	      available	 set different faces for different filetype in dired buffer.
  dired-isearch		      available	 isearch in Dired
  dired-lis		      available	 Letter isearch in dired-mode
  dired-open		      available	 Open varoius files in dired.
  dired-plus		      available	 Extensions to Dired
  dired-single		      available	 Reuse the current dired buffer to visit another directory
  dired-sort		      available	 Sort files in dired.
  dired-sort-map	      available	 
  dired-sort-menu	      available	 provide menu/dialogue for dired sort options
  dired-sort-menu+	      available	 Extensions to `dired-sort-menu.el'
  dired-sync		      available	 Sync directories within dired
  dired-toggle-sudo	      available	 Browse directory with sudo privileges.
  dired-view		      available	 Dired view mode
  diredful		      available	 colorful file names in dired buffers
  direx			      available	 Directory Explorer
  dirnav		      available	 Navigate folders and files with TAB
  dirtree		      available	 Functions for building directory-tree lists
  dirvars		      available	 Local variables that apply to an entire directory -*- local-enable-local-variables: nil -*-
  disk			      available	 simplified find-file, revert-file, save-buffer interface
  display-buffer-for-wide-screen available Set `display-buffer-function' for wide-screen display
  display-hatebu	      available	 はてなブックマークでブックマークされた数をモードラインに表示する
  distel		      available	 Distributed Emacs Lisp for Erlang.
  dizzee		      available	 Utilities for managing subprocesses in Emacs
  django-mode		      available	 Major mode for Django web framework.
  dmacro		      available	 Dynamic MACRO
  doc-mode		      available	 Fontlocking for AsciiDoc files. Dress up AsciiDoc text files with nice highlights.
  doc-view-extension	      available	 Simple extensions for `doc-view'
  docmap		      available	 display document map window
  doi			      available	 Do Or Insert
  doi-extension		      available	 Extension for doi.el
  doit-mode		      available	 A major mode for organizing tasks.
  dom			      available	 DOM implementation
  doremi		      available	 Do Re Mi: Incremental change using arrow keys or mouse wheel.
  doremi-cmd		      available	 Miscellaneous Do Re Mi commands
  doremi-frm		      available	 Incrementally adjust face attributes and frame parameters.
  doremi-mac		      available	 A macro for defining Do Re Mi commands.
  dos			      available	 major mode for editing Dos scripts (batch files)
  dos-indent		      available	 Adds indentation to Dos-mode
  dot-emacs-helper	      available	 Some helper functions for .emacs
  dot-mode		      available	 Minor mode to repeat typing or commands
  dotemacs-xfq		      available	 
  double-char		      available	 Get different insertion when you hit a char twice fast enought
  double-type		      available	 keyboard operation method corresponding to double click on a mouse.
  dove-ext		      available	 Emacs minor extensions written by David young
  download-icicles	      available	 Download the Icicles Package
  doxymacs		      available	 Doxymacs is Doxygen + {X}Emacs.
  doxymacs-yard		      available	 
  dpans2texi		      available	 onverts the TeX sources of the draft ANSI Common Lisp standard
  dpaste		      available	 Emacs integration for dpaste.com
  drag-stuff		      available	 Drag Stuff is a minor mode for Emacs that makes it possible to drag stuff, such as words, region and lines, around in Emacs.
  drill-instructor	      available	  Enforce key-bind of Emacs.
  drivein		      available	 
  dropdown-list		      available	 Drop-down menu interface
  dsvn			      available	 This is an interface for managing Subversion working copies.  It can show you an up-to-date view of the current status, and commit changes. If also helps you do other tasks such as updating, switching, diffing and more.
  dtrt-indent		      available	 A minor mode that guesses the indentation offset originally used for creating source code files and transparently adjusts the corresponding settings in Emacs, making it more convenient to edit foreign files.
  duck			      available	 A few utilities for Scheme programming
  dummy-h-mode		      available	 switch major mode to c-/c++-/objc-mode on .h file
  duplicate-line	      available	 Easily dublicate a line
  duplicates		      available	 
  durendal		      available	 A bucket of Emacs tricks for Clojure.
  dvc			      available	 A unified emacs interface for a bunch of distributed revision control systems
  dvc-init		      available	 
  dvi-view		      available	 View a DVI file in an Emacs buffer
  dying			      available	 Minor mode kills own buffer after lifetime
  dynamic-fonts		      available	 Set faces based on available fonts
  dynamic-ring		      available	 A dynamically sized ring structure.
  e2wm			      available	 simple window manager for emacs
  eassist		      available	 EmacsAssist, C/C++/Java/Python/ELisp method/function navigator.
  ebay-template-mode	      available	 A handy template for editing auction listings.
  ebay-template-tools	      available	 
  ebib			      available	 Application to manage BibTeX database
  ebs			      available	 easy buffer switch (ebs)
  ecasound		      available	 Interactive and programmatic interface to Ecasound
  ecasound-ewf		      available	 Ecasound .ewf major mode
  ecb			      available	 Emacs Code Browser
  echoline-mode		      available	 A minor mode for octave which highlights 
  eclim			      available	 This project brings some of the great eclipse features to emacs developers.
  ecmascript-mode	      available	 major mode for editing ECMAScript code
  ectags-select		      available	 Select from multiple tags
  edi-mode		      available	 edit raw EDI files
  edict			      available	 emacs interface for edict
  ediff+		      available	 Enhancements to Ediff
  ediff-trees		      available	 Recursively ediff two directory trees 
  edit-server		      available	 Emacs edit-server. This provides an edit server to respond to requests from the Chrome Emacs Chrome plugin.
  edje-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing Edje files
  eev-thierry		      available	 
  eform			      available	 Web form like forms
  egg			      available	 Egg is an Emacs interface to git. It's a suite composed of a minor-mode and various special-buffers presenting different UIs to help the user performing many git operations.
  egocentric		      available	 Highlight your name inside emacs buffers
  eight-puzzle		      available	 A simple little puzzle game
  eijiro		      available	 英辞郎をanything.elを使って検索する
  eim			      available	 emacs input method
  eim-extension		      available	 Some extension for eim (Emacs Input Method)
  eimp			      available	 Emacs Image Manipulation Package
  ein			      available	 IPython notebook client in Emacs
  eiv			      available	 emacs image viewer
  el-autoyas		      available	 Automatic yasnippet creation for emacs lisp.
  el-expectations	      available	 Minimalist unit testing framework
  el-expectations-failure-sample available failure example of Emacs Lisp Expectations.
  el-expectations-success-sample available success example of Emacs Lisp Expectations.
  el-get		      installed	 Manage the external elisp bits and pieces you depend upon.
  el-markup		      available	 Emacs Lisp to Markup
  el-mock		      available	 Tiny Mock and Stub framework in Emacs Lisp
  el-swank-fuzzy	      available	 fuzzy symbol completion.
  eldoc-extension	      available	 Some extension for eldoc
  electric-dot-and-dash	      available	 Different way to enter brackets
  elein			      available	 Running leiningen commands from emacs
  elhome		      available	 A scalable Emacs configuration framework
  elisp-depend		      available	 
  elisp-format		      available	 Format elisp code
  elnode		      available	 Asynchronous HttpServer framework.
  elscreen		      available	 Screen Manager for Emacsen
  elscreen-buffer-list	      available	 
  elscreen-edit-server	      available	 work together chrome and elscreen
  elunit		      available	 A unit testing framework for Emacs Lisp code.
  emacs-async		      available	 Simple library for asynchronous processing in Emacs
  emacs-goodies-el	      available	 Miscellaneous add-ons for Emacs
  emacs-grads		      available	 Grid Analysis and Display System (GrADS)
  emacs-http-server	      available	 A rudimentary HTTP server in elisp.
  emacs-init		      available	 Drew Adams's Emacs init file.
  emacs-init-check	      available	 Automatic init file checker
  emacs-jabber		      available	 A minimal jabber client
  emacs-lock+		      available	 extensions to standard library `emacs-lock.el'
  emacs-textmate	      available	 TextMate behaviour in Emacs
  emacs-w3m		      installed	 A simple Emacs interface to w3m
  emacs-wiki-finddead	      available	 Find dead files in your EmacsWiki
  emacschrome		      available	 A Chromium "clone" of It's All Text for spawning an editor to edit text areas in browsers. Based on David Hilley's original Chromium extension.
  emacsserver		      available	 A server in emacs-lisp
  email			      available	 Extensions to mail-mode
  embeddedchangelog	      available	 edit a change log embedded in a file
  emboss		      available	 Commands to browse and write emboss code
  emdroid		      available	 Android Wrappers for Emacs
  emms			      available	 The Emacs Multimedia System
  emms-extension	      available	 Some extensions for emms
  emms-get-lyrics	      available	 Get the lyrics of the song emms is currently playing
  emms-player-streaming-fix   available	 mplayer url fix
  emms-seek-minor-mode	      available	 like emacs-volume-minor-mode except +/- seek
  emoticons		      available	 Replace text with emoticons
  enclose		      available	 Enclose cursor within punctuation pairs
  encrypt		      available	 encrypt and decrypt using coding system
  enform-mode		      available	 Handles the Tandem/NSK/Guardian ENFORM report language.
  english-menu		      available	 mule-menu template
  enotify		      available	 a TCP based notification system for the emacs modeline
  enscript		      available	 Joel's Custom printing functions
  ensime		      available	 ENhanced Scala Interaction Mode for Emacs
  env-print		      available	 print an envelope
  eol-conversion	      available	 Set end-of-line conversion for current buffer
  eoops			      available	 An Object Oriented Programming System in Elisp
  eperiodic		      available	 periodic table for Emacs
  epkg			      available	 The stupid package tracker for Emacs
  epresent		      available	 make presentation slides from a org-mode file within emacs
  eproject		      available	 File grouping ("project") extension for emacs
  epubmode		      available	 Minor mode for reading epub e-books in Emacs
  erc			      available	 A powerful, modular, and extensible Emacs InternetRelayChat client.
  erc-babel		      available	 communicate in different languages with ERC, using automatic translation
  erc-extension		      available	 Some extension for erc
  erc-extras		      available	 Some of ERC's modules aren't part of GnuEmacs due to copyright assignment issues or because they depend on other packages that aren't a part of it.
  erc-highlight-nicknames     available	 Highlights nicknames
  erc-highlight-nicknames-xemacs available 
  erc-input-fill	      available	 
  erc-nick-notify	      available	 Notify popup for ERC
  erc-robot		      available	 A robot for ERC.
  erc-tex		      available	 LaTeX mathematical expressions rendering for ERC
  erc-track-score	      available	 Add score support to tracked channel buffers
  erc-track-xmas	      available	 
  erec			      available	 Minor mode to record and play back audio
  eredis		      available	 A simple emacs interface to redis
  erefactor		      available	 Emacs-Lisp tools
  ergo-movement-mode	      available	 Eronomic keybindings for cursor movement
  ergoemacs-keybindings	      available	 A emacs keybinding set based on ergonomics.
  erlang-dired-mode	      available	 erlang dired mode    -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  erlware-mode		      available	 Major modes for editing and running Erlang
  erobot		      available	 game with elisp functions trying to survive
  ert-expectations	      available	 The simplest unit test framework in the world
  escreen		      available	 Emacs window session manager
  esh-myparser		      available	 Define original Eshell cmdline parser by bypassing original parser
  ess			      available	 Emacs Speaks Statistics: statistical programming within Emacs
  ess-edit		      available	 convenient editing of R code
  ess-smart-underscore	      available	 Smarter underscore behavior in emacs
  essh			      available	 a set of commands that emulate for bash what ESS is to R.
  esv			      available	 Support for Crossway's ESV API in Emacs
  etags-extension	      available	 A collect extensions for etags.
  etags-select		      available	 Select from multiple tags
  etags-stack		      available	 Navigate the tags stack
  etags-table		      available	 Set tags table(s) based on current file
  etags-u		      available	 (auto)updating TAGS file using etags
  ethan-wspace		      available	 Whitespace customizations for emacs
  etom			      available	 Emacs to Maya communication
  etop			      available	 run 
  etxt			      available	 major mode for reading etexts
  eukleides		      available	 Major mode to edit eukleides files.
  eval-sexp-fu		      available	 Tiny functionality enhancements for evaluating sexps.
  eval-to-texi		      available	 
  everything		      available	 Bridge to MS Windows desktop-search engine Everything
  evil			      available	 Evil is an extensible vi layer for Emacs. It        emulates the main features of Vim, and provides facilities        for writing custom extensions.
  evil-leader		      available	 Add <leader> shortcuts to Evil, the extensible vim        emulation layer
  evil-numbers		      available	 Increment/decrement numbers in Evil, the extensible vim        emulation layer. Like C-a/C-x in vim.         After installation, you will need to add a key-binding for evil-numbers.        For example:         (define-key evil-normal-state-map (kbd "C-c +") 'evil-numbers/inc-at-pt)        (define-key evil-normal-state-map (kbd "C-c -") 'evil-numbers/dec-at-pt)
  evil-surround		      available	 Emulate Tim Pope's surround.vim in evil, the extensible vim        emulation layer for emacs
  ewb			      available	 Emacs Web Browser
  exec-abbrev-cmd	      available	 Execute commands by giving an abbreviation
  execute		      available	 
  expand-a-word		      available	 expand-a-word
  expand-region		      available	 Expand region increases the selected region by semantic units. Just keep pressing the key until it selects what you want.
  extend-dnd		      available	 Extended Drag and Drop support
  external-abook	      available	 An interface to Mutt external query tools.
  extract-ical		      available	 Import iCalendar events from buffers to OS X iCal
  extraedit		      available	 Extra useful edit functions and macros
  extview		      available	 open files with external viewer
  eyedropper		      available	 Pick foreground and background colors at cursor or pointer.
  face-list		      available	 convenience functions for face customization
  face-remap+		      available	 Extensions to standard library `face-remap.el'.
  facebook		      available	 Access the Facebook API from emacs
  facemenu+		      available	 Extensions to `facemenu.el'.
  faces+		      available	 Extensions to `faces.el'.
  fade-out-kill-buffer	      available	 fade to black when killing buffer
  faith			      available	 hepls spreading the true faith
  fastnav		      available	 Fast navigation and editing routines.
  fcsh-mode		      available	 Adobe Flex Compiler Shell helper
  fdlcap		      available	 Cycle through case and capitalization of words.
  feature-mode		      available	 Major mode for Cucumber feature files
  fenc			      available	 Detect CJK coding system by counting most frequence charaters
  festival		      available	 emacs interface into festival.
  festival-extension	      available	 Simple festival extension for festival.el
  fetch			      available	 Fetch a file from a java hierarchy
  fetchmail-mode	      available	 Mode for editing .fetchmailrc files  -*- Emacs-Lisp -*-
  ffap-			      available	 Extensions to library `ffap.el'
  fic-ext-mode		      available	 Show FIXME/TODO/BUG(...) in special face only in comments and strings
  fic-mode		      available	 Show FIXME/TODO/BUG(...) in special face only in comments and strings
  file-journal		      available	 revisit files by date
  file-props		      available	 Add file properties to your files
  file-template		      available	 File templates
  files+		      available	 Enhancements of standard library `files.el'.
  filesets+		      available	 Extensions to `filesets.el'.
  fill-column-indicator	      available	 An Emacs minor mode that graphically indicates the fill column.
  fill-column-indicator-legacy available graphically indicate the fill column
  filladapt		      available	 Filladapt enhances the behavior of Emacs' fill functions by guessing the proper fill prefix in many contexts. Emacs has a built-in adaptive fill mode but Filladapt is much better.
  fillcode		      available	 Fillcode minor mode
  find-dired+		      available	 Extensions to `find-dired.el'.
  find-dired++		      available	 Redefinition of find-dired
  find-dired-		      available	 Extensions to `find-dired.el'.
  find-file-in-project	      available	 Quick access to project files in Emacs
  find-file-in-tags	      available	 directly open files referenced in TAGS files
  find-func+		      available	 Extensions to `find-func.el'.
  find-func-extension	      available	 Some extension functions for `find-func.el'.
  find-library		      available	 Find emacs-lisp library with completion
  finder+		      available	 Extensions to standard library finder.el
  findr			      available	 Breadth-first file-finding facility for (X)Emacs
  finkinfo		      available	 major mode for Fink package info files
  fit-frame		      available	 Resize a frame. In particular, fit a frame to its buffers.
  fix-buffers-list	      available	 New M status and colors in buffers list
  fixme-mode		      available	 Makes FIXME, TODO, etc. appear in big, angry letters
  fixmee		      available	 Quickly navigate to FIXME notices in code
  flashcard-sm5		      available	 SuperMemo algorithm for Emacs flashcard
  flashmaker		      available	 created flashcard decks using existing dicitonary files
  flex-isearch		      available	 
  flex-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing flex files
  flim			      available	 A library to provide basic features about message representation or encoding
  flip-tables		      available	 put a flipping table emoji on your kill ring
  fliptext		      available	 Input method for flipping characters upside down
  flobl			      available	 frame-local buffer list
  flydoc		      available	 on-the-fly documentation -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
  flyguess		      available	 Guess language/dictionary for a buffer
  flymake-cursor	      available	 displays flymake error msg in minibuffer after delay
  flymake-extension	      available	 Some extension for flymake
  flymake-for-csharp	      available	 C# mode derived mode
  flymake-fringe-icons	      available	 Add icons in the fringe, for flymake
  flymake-helper	      available	 flymake helper methods
  flymake-html-validator      available	 Make flymake work with Validator.nu.
  flymake-lua		      available	 Flymake support for Lua.
  flymake-point		      available	 Show flymake errors under the point in the minibuffer
  flymake-ruby		      available	 Steve Purcell's Ruby Flymake support, with stricter warnings.
  flyphpcs		      available	 Flymake for PHP via PHP-CodeSniffer
  flyspell-guess	      available	 flyspell dictionary guesser
  flyspell-lazy		      available	 Improve flyspell responsiveness using idle timers
  fold			      available	 Folding
  fold-dwim-org		      available	 Fold DWIM bound to org key-strokes.
  folding		      available	 A folding-editor-like minor mode.
  folding-2.107		      available	 A folding-editor-like minor mode.
  folding-2.99		      available	 A folding-editor-like minor mode.
  follow-mouse		      available	 Automatically select the window under the mouse -*-unibyte: t; coding: iso-8859-1;-*-
  font-lock+		      available	 Enhancements to standard library `font-lock.el'.
  font-lock-color-test	      available	 Tool to test new font lock colors.
  font-lock-escape-char	      available	 
  font-lock-menus	      available	 Font-lock menus: enhanced `font-menus.el'
  font-menus-da		      available	 
  font-utils		      available	 Utility functions for working with fonts
  foo			      available	 example file
  foreach		      available	 simple list iteration macros.
  fortune-mode		      available	 Interface to write fortunes quickly
  frame+		      available	 Extensions to `frame.el'.
  frame-bufs		      available	 a minor mode for frame-relative buffer lists
  frame-cmds		      available	 Frame and window commands (interactive functions).
  frame-fns		      available	 Non-interactive frame and window functions.
  frame-restore		      available	 save/restore frame size&position at shutdown/startup
  framemove		      available	 directional frame selection routines
  free-tagging		      available	 A global Status bar for emacs
  french-holidays	      available	 
  fringe-helper		      available	 Helper functions for fringe bitmaps.
  fsdired		      available	 sort files to go to different places in dired
  fsharp-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing fsharp code.
  fsproject		      available	 File System Project Viewer
  full-ack		      available	 A front-end for ack
  fullscreen		      available	 Full screen
  fuzzy			      available	 Fuzzy matching utilities for GNU Emacs
  fuzzy-format		      available	 Select indent-tabs-mode and format code automatically.
  fuzzy-match		      available	 fuzzy matching
  g-client		      available	 Google Client
  gb-po-mode		      available	  po-mode extensions and fixes
  gds			      available	 Emacs interface to Google Desktop Search
  geiser		      available	 Geiser is a collection of Emacs major and minor modes that conspire with one or more Scheme interpreters to keep the Lisp Machine Spirit alive. It draws inspiration (and a bit more) from environments such as Common Lisp's Slime, Factor's FUEL, Squeak or Emacs itself, and does its best to make Scheme hacking inside Emacs (even more) fun.
  georgian		      available	 
  get-rfc		      available	 Getting and viewing RFCs
  ghc-mod		      available	 Happy Haskell programming
  ghc-modules		      available	 
  gist			      available	 Emacs integration for gist.github.com
  git-auto-commit	      available	 Git auto commit directory within emacs.
  git-blame		      available	 Minor mode for incremental blame for Git
  git-commit-mode	      available	 Major mode for editing git commit messages
  git-dwim		      available	 Context-aware git commands such as branch handling
  git-emacs		      available	 Yet another git emacs mode for newbies
  git-modeline		      available	 Mode line decoration support, part of git-emacs.
  gitconfig-mode	      available	 Major mode for editing .gitconfig files
  glade-mode		      available	 A mode to view glade interface using tree-widget
  glagolitic		      available	 
  glimpse		      available	 Interface to glimpse 
  globalff		      available	 Global find file
  globrep		      available	 Search for and replace strings in multiple files
  gm-bots		      available	 Here you can define new bots used by gm-webbot.el.
  gm-webbot		      available	 An implementation of Webbots known from MS Frontpage.
  gmail-message-send-mail     available	 advice for that function to use gmail smtp when appropriate
  gnugo			      available	 Run GNU Go in a buffer.
  gnuplot-mode		      available	 Drive gnuplot from within emacs
  gnus-alias		      available	 an alternative to gnus-posting-styles
  gnus-autocheck	      available	 
  gnus-extension	      available	 Simple description
  gnus-gravatar		      available	 Gnus Gravatar support
  gnus-hardsort		      available	 permanently sort group by date
  gnus-harvest		      available	 Harvest e-mail address from read/written articles
  gnus-identities	      available	 Change identity when composing a message.
  gnus-notify		      available	 use the modeline to indicate groups with new messages
  gnus-notify+		      available	 Gnus notify
  gnus-propfont		      available	  adding faces to *Article* buffer in Gnus 
  gnus-summary-stripe	      available	 Strip gnus summary buffer
  gnus-switch		      available	 Smart switch with gnus buffers
  gnuslog		      available	 Gnus Splitting Log Facility
  go-mode		      available	 Major mode for the Go programming language
  go-to-char		      available	 Go to char
  gob			      available	 A code generator for GObject
  gobject-class		      available	 functions to easy GObject-based class developers
  golb			      available	 A simple blog and webpage generator
  google-c-style	      available	 Google's C/C++ style for c-mode
  google-contacts	      available	 Access Google Contacts from Emacs
  google-define		      available	 Pull definitions from google and displays them in a buffer.
  google-define-redux	      available	 extends google-define.el 
  google-define-redux-supplemental available supplemental functions for google-define-redux
  google-maps		      available	 Access Google Maps from Emacs
  google-weather	      available	 Fetch Google Weather forecasts.
  googleaccount		      available	 Google Accounts login from Emacs
  gosh			      available	 an interface to Gauche
  gothic		      available	 
  goto-chg		      available	 Goto the point of the most recent edit in the buffer.
  goto-last-change	      available	 Move point through buffer-undo-list positions
  goto-random-line	      available	 
  grab-and-drag		      available	 Scroll a window by mouse dragging
  gradebook		      available	 major mode for keeping a simple plain-text gradebook
  grail			      available	 
  grail-fn		      available	 
  grail-groups		      available	 
  grail-profile		      available	 
  graphviz-dot-mode	      available	 graphviz dot language mode
  gravatar		      available	 Get Gravatars
  grep+			      available	 Extensions to standard library `grep.el'.
  grep-a-lot		      available	 manages multiple search results buffers for grep.el
  grep-buffers		      available	 grep through buffers (a la 'moccur')
  grep-ed		      available	 Edit the results of a grep
  grep-edit		      available	 edit grep buffer and apply the changes to files
  grep-o-matic		      available	 auto grep word under cursor
  groovy-emacs-mode	      available	 Emacs major mode for the Groovy programming language
  growl			      available	 Emacs interface to Growl via growlnotify
  gst-inspect		      available	 wrapper for gst-inspect
  gtk-perl		      available	 A minor mode to help write gtk-perl code
  gtk2hs		      available	 This is tools package for gtk2hs
  gtranslate		      available	 Use google translate api to perform translations
  guess-offset		      available	 Automatically determine c-basic-offset
  hachette		      available	 Lookup a word on the Hachette's online french dictionary.
  haml-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing Haml files
  hanconvert		      available	 coding: utf-8 -*-
  handbook		      available	 Quick access to the FreeBSD handbook
  hangul		      available	 Korean Hangul input method
  hannum		      available	 convert han number  -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
  hardhat		      available	 Protect against clobbering user-writable files
  haskell-extension	      available	 Some extension for haskell mode.
  haskell-mode		      available	 A Haskell editing mode
  haskell-mode-exts	      available	 Modular Emacs extensions to Haskell's editing and interactive modes.
  haskell-tweet-errors	      available	 
  haskellmode-emacs	      available	 Haskell 2010 community editing mode
  header-button		      available	 Clickable buttons in header lines
  header2		      available	 Support for creation and update of file headers.
  helm			      available	 Emacs incremental and narrowing framework
  help+			      available	 Extensions to `help.el'.
  help+20		      available	 Extensions to `help.el' for Emacs 20.
  help-dwim		      available	 Show help information
  help-dwim-perlapi	      available	 Show help of perlapi
  help-dwim-perldoc	      available	 dwim interface to perldoc
  help-fns+		      available	 Extensions to `help-fns.el'.
  help-macro+		      available	 Extensions to `help-macro.el'.
  help-mode+		      available	 Extensions to `help-mode.el'
  help-url		      available	 Un module pour se connecter aux aides en lignes de php ou de coldfusion
  hexcolour		      available	 Highlight HTML-style colour specifications
  hexrgb		      available	 Functions to manipulate colors, including RGB hex strings.
  hexview-mode		      available	 A simple & fast hexadecimal file viewer
  hgw-init-wl		      available	 Configuration file for the Wanderlust Email client
  hide-comnt		      available	 Hide/show comments in code.
  hide-lines		      available	 Commands for hiding lines based on a regexp
  hide-region		      available	 hide regions of text using overlays
  hide-url		      available	 Hide annoyingly long URLs
  hidesearch		      available	 Incremental search while hiding non-matching lines.
  hideshow-fringe	      available	 
  hideshow-org		      available	 Provides org-mode like hide and show for hideshow.el
  hideshowvis		      available	 Add markers to the fringe for regions foldable by hideshow.el
  highlight		      available	 Highlighting commands.
  highlight-beyond-fill-column available font-lock-add-keywords aid for Emacs
  highlight-chars	      available	 Highlight specified sets of characters, including whitespace.
  highlight-cl		      available	 Highlighting `cl' functions.
  highlight-current-line      available	 highlight line where the cursor is.
  highlight-indentation	      available	 Function for highlighting indentation
  highlight-parentheses	      available	 Highlight the matching parentheses surrounding point.
  highlight-sexp	      available	 
  highlight-symbol	      available	 Quickly highlight a symbol throughout the buffer and cycle through its locations.
  highlight-tail	      available	 draw a colourful 
  highline		      available	 minor mode to highlight current line in buffer
  himark		      available	 marking text by highlighting
  himarks-mode		      available	 Highlight marks in buffer.
  hippie-exp-ext	      available	 Extension of hippie-expand
  hippie-namespace	      available	 Special treatment for namespace prefixes in hippie-expand
  historyf		      available	 file history library like browser
  hl-line+		      available	 Extensions to hl-line.el.
  hl-sexp		      available	 Highlight the current sexp
  hl-spotlight		      available	 Extension of hl-line.el to spotlight current few lines.
  hl-tags-mode		      available	 if the cursor is inside of a '<div ....>' tag, it will highlight it and the corresponding '</div>' tag
  hlinum		      available	 Extension for linum.el to highlight current line number
  howm			      available	 Write fragmentarily and read collectively.
  hqw-goto		      available	 A quick way to go to specific window line and position.
  hs-lint		      available	 Minor mode for HLint code checking
  hs-mode		      available	 Haskell editing mode.
  hsv2rgb		      available	 Transformation from HSV to RGB
  html-accent		      available	 Function that replace accented char by its html representation
  html-lite		      available	 Construct html with sexp
  html-parse		      available	 html parser for Emacs
  html-script-src	      available	 Insert <script src=".."> for popular JavaScript libraries
  html5			      available	 Umbrella project for projects adding HTML5 support to Emacs.   This recipe is a work in progress.
  htmlize		      available	 Convert buffer text and decorations to HTML.
  htmlr			      available	 HTML rendering in Elisp
  http-post-curl	      available	 simple HTTP POST
  http-post-simple	      available	 HTTP POST requests using the url library
  httpgetwin32		      available	 small utility interactive fn to perform an HTTP GET
  i-ching		      available	 Cast an i-ching, and come up with a hexagram.
  ibuffer-vc		      available	 Group ibuffer's list by VC project, or show VC status
  ibus			      available	 IBus client for GNU Emacs
  icicles		      available	 Minibuffer input completion and cycling.
  icicles-chg		      available	 Change logs for Icicles libraries.
  icicles-cmd1		      available	 Top-level commands for Icicles
  icicles-cmd2		      available	 Top-level commands for Icicles
  icicles-doc1		      available	 Minibuffer input completion and cycling.
  icicles-doc2		      available	 Minibuffer input completion and cycling.
  icicles-face		      available	 Faces for Icicles
  icicles-fn		      available	 Non-interactive functions for Icicles
  icicles-install	      available	 Download and optionally byte-compile Icicles 
  icicles-iswitchb	      available	 Using iswitchb with Icicles
  icicles-mac		      available	 Macros for Icicles
  icicles-mcmd		      available	 Minibuffer commands for Icicles
  icicles-menu-xmas	      available	 xemacs port (beta) of icicles-menu.el
  icicles-mode		      available	 Icicle Mode definition for Icicles
  icicles-opt		      available	 User options (variables) for Icicles
  icicles-var		      available	 Internal variables for Icicles
  icicles-xmas		      available	 xemacs port (beta) of icicles.el
  icomplete+		      available	 Extensions to `icomplete.el'.
  ide-skel		      available	 IDE skeleton for Emacs Lisp hackers
  identica-mode		      available	 An identi.ca/status.net client
  idle-highlight-mode	      available	 Idle Highlight Mode.
  idle-scroll		      available	 scroll down a line when Emacs is idle
  idlehelp		      available	 Display help when being idle.
  ido-hacks		      available	 Advices for ido-mode.
  ido-load-library	      available	 Load-library alternative using ido-completing-read
  ido-preview		      available	 commands for viewing current option contests before opening
  ido-ubiquitous	      available	 Use ido (nearly) everywhere
  ido-yes-or-no		      available	 Use Ido to answer yes-or-no questions
  idomenu		      available	 imenu tag selection a la ido
  iedit			      available	 Edit multiple regions with the same content simultaneously.
  ifind			      available	 An interface to `find` based on igrep.el
  ifind-mode		      available	 A minor mode based on isearch, for interactively finding
  ignoramus		      available	 Ignore backups, build files, et al.
  igrep			      available	 An improved interface to `grep` and `find`
  igrep-next-error	      available	 Highlight text matched by `igrep'
  imap			      available	 
  imapua		      available	 a purely IMAP based email client for EMACS
  imaxima		      available	 Maxima mode with images
  imdb			      available	 Interface to the Internet Movie DB
  imdb-adds-mode	      available	 Major mode for editing IMDb data submissions
  imdbs			      available	 compute movies statistic using your imdb vote history
  imenu+		      available	 Extensions to `imenu.el'.
  imenu-tree		      available	 A mode to view imenu using tree-widget
  incr			      available	 Increase everything as you want -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
  indent-file		      available	 
  indirect-region	      available	 Act like indirect buffer for region.
  inertial-scroll	      available	 global minor mode for inertial scrolling 
  inf-perl		      available	 Perl
  inf-ruby		      available	 Inferior Ruby Mode
  inf-ruby-bond		      available	 Use Bond autocompletion from inf-ruby buffers
  inferior-apl		      available	  Basic Apl (Aplus) in a buffer functionality
  info+			      available	 Extensions to `info.el'.
  inhibit-clash-detection     available	 suppress lockfiles
  init-anything		      available	 Anything configuration
  init-auto-complete	      available	 Configuration for auto-complete mode
  init-auto-save	      available	 自动保存的设置
  init-backup		      available	 备份设置
  init-bbbd		      available	 Bbbd configuration
  init-company-mode	      available	 Company-mode configuration
  init-dired		      available	 Dired configuration
  init-eldoc		      available	 Eldoc configuration
  init-emms		      available	 Emms configuration
  init-erc		      available	 Configuration for erc
  init-etags		      available	 Etags configuration
  init-flymake		      available	 Flymake configuration
  init-gnus		      available	 Configuration file for gnus
  init-haskell		      available	 Haskell configuration
  init-hideshow		      available	 Hideshow configuration
  init-icicles		      available	 Config file for icicles.el
  init-ide		      available	 IDE configuration
  init-ido		      available	 Ido configuration
  init-ispell		      available	 Ispell configuration
  init-linum		      available	 Linum 模式的设置
  init-maxima		      available	 Maxima configuration
  init-misc		      available	 Misc configuration with emacs
  init-mldonkey		      available	 Mldonkey 的设置
  init-newsticker	      available	 Newsticker configuration
  init-org		      available	 Org configuration
  init-paredit		      available	 Paredit configuration
  init-predicate	      available	 Predicate configuration
  init-predictive	      available	 Predictive configuration
  init-rcirc		      available	 Rcirc init
  init-sdcv		      available	 Configuration file for sdcv.el
  init-shell		      available	 Some configuration for shell-mode
  init-time		      available	 时间设置
  init-w3m		      available	 W3m configuration
  init-wget		      available	 Wget configuration
  init-yasnippet	      available	 Yasnippet configuration
  initsplit		      available	 Code to split customizations into different files
  insert-time-string	      available	 Insert the current time. -*- coding: utf-8; -*-
  install-elisp		      available	 Simple Emacs Lisp installer
  instapaper		      available	 Some emacs functions for saving URLs to instapaper.com
  intel-hex-mode	      available	 Mode for Intel Hex files.
  interesting-buffers	      available	 Add keybinding to cleanup displayed buffers
  interpreter-minor	      available	 provide navigation, clickability, folding, interpretation
  io-mode		      available	 Major mode to edit Io language files in Emacs
  ioccur		      available	 Incremental occur.
  ipa			      available	 In-place annotations
  ipp			      available	 implementation of the Internet Printing Protocol
  iproject		      available	 Interactive Project Mode
  ipython		      available	 Adds support for IPython to python-mode.el
  irc			      available	 A user interface for the Internet Relay Chat
  ireplace		      available	 replace functions invoked from isearch-mode
  irfc			      available	 Interface for IETF RFC document.
  isearch+		      available	 Extensions to `isearch.el'.
  isearch-all		      available	 
  isearch-extension	      available	 Extension for isearch.
  iswitchb-highlight	      available	 Highlighting extension for iswitchb
  iterator		      available	 A library to create and use elisp iterators objects.
  itunes		      available	 utility functions to interact with iTunes
  iy-go-to-char		      available	 Go to next CHAR which is similar to 
  jabber-chatx		      available	 Add the ability to remember and extract old messages
  jabber-libnotify	      available	 emacs-jabber interface to libnotify
  jaspace		      available	 Make Japanese whitespaces visible
  java-class-doc	      available	 Open the documentation for a Java class
  java-complete		      available	 Java completion
  java-mode-indent-annotations available Indentation for Java 5 annotations.
  javacc-mode		      available	 A major mode for editing javacc and jjtree files.
  javadoc-help		      available	 Javadoc-Help. Look up Java class on online javadocs in browser
  jcl-command-subset	      available	 Like M-x but with only a subset of commands.
  jda-minor-mode	      available	 Jong-Gyu Development Assistant minor mode for Developers(such as emacs-textmate or VisualAssist)
  jde-eclipse-compiler-server available	 Eclipse compiler as a compile server for JDEE.
  jde-findbugs		      available	 Findbugs interface for JDE
  jde-flymake		      available	 an extension to flymake that uses JDEE and Jikes
  jde-jalopy		      available	 JALOPY interface for JDE
  jde-lint		      available	 lint4j interface for JDE
  jde-maven		      available	 Use Apache Maven to build your JDE projects
  jdee			      available	 The JDEE is an add-on software package that turns Emacs into a comprehensive system for creating, editing, debugging, and documenting Java applications.
  jekyll-el		      available	 Jekyll Integration for emacs
  jinja			      available	 Mostly ripped off django-mode by Lennart Borgman.
  jira			      available	 Connect to JIRA issue tracking software
  jiseki		      available	 Desktop for emacs.
  jl-encrypt		      available	 Insert MML encryption tags if public keys are available
  jl-smime		      available	 Improved support for S/MIME with MML
  joccur		      available	 An improved 'occur' implementation.
  joseph-autopair	      available	 
  joseph-file-util	      available	 Function library about file and directory.
  joseph-scroll-screen	      available	 Scroll half screen down or up, and highlight current line.
  joseph-single-dired	      available	 Only Open One Dired Buffer.
  joseph-util		      available	 util functions   -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  journal		      available	 The Emacs Journal
  joystick		      available	 Lisp part of joystick interface for Emacs
  jpl-reformat		      available	 Reformat source code, especially parameter
  jquery-doc		      available	 jQuery api documentation interface for emacs
  js-comint		      available	 Run javascript in an inferior process window.
  js2-mode		      available	 An improved JavaScript editing mode
  json			      available	 JavaScript Object Notation parser / generator
  jsshell-bundle	      available	 JSShell generated bundle
  jswat			      available	 JDEE interface to JSwat
  judge-indent		      available	 judge indent and tab widths
  jump			      available	 interactive function that jump directly to the thing at point
  jump-char		      available	 navigate by typing chars (search)
  jump-dls		      available	 Jump to definition of symbol using various methods
  jump-or-exec		      available	 Jump to a buffer or create it.
  kdic			      available	 Practice your Kanji using a dictionary.
  keats			      available	 Keybinding Cheat mode for Emacs
  keep-end		      available	 Keep some buffer always at end
  key-choices		      available	 Key Choices -- Also Viper has different colors in different modes
  key-chord		      available	 Map pairs of simultaneously pressed keys to commands.
  keyboard-macro-timer	      available	 Run last keyboard macro with a timer
  keychain-environment	      available	 Loads keychain environment variables into emacs
  keywiz		      available	 Emacs key sequence quiz
  kill-ring-ido		      available	 command for keyring browsing with ido
  kis-interface		      available	 Extensions for kis-mode.
  kis-project		      available	 Extensions for kis-mode.
  kokopelli		      available	 List function declaration and jump to it  -*-mode: Emacs-Lisp; tab-width: 4;-*- .
  kpm-list		      available	 An emacs buffer list that tries to intelligently group together buffers.
  lacarte		      available	 Execute menu items as commands, with completion.
  langtool		      available	 Grammer check utility using LanguageTool
  later-do		      available	 execute lisp code ... later
  latex-frame-mode	      available	 minor mode for latex beamer geeks equipped with folding power
  latex-math-preview	      available	 preview LaTeX mathematical expressions.
  latex-math-preview-extra-data	available Extra data for latex-math-preview.el.
  layout-restore	      available	 
  lazy-search		      available	 Lazy Search
  lazy-search-extension	      available	 Lazy Search Extension
  lazy-set-key		      available	 Lazy set keystroke.
  lazycat-toolkit	      available	 My toolkit
  lcomp			      available	 list completion hacks!
  ledger-mode		      available	 A major mode for editing ledger .dat files
  legalese		      available	 Add legalese to your program files
  less			      available	 less style view mode
  levenshtein		      available	 Edit distance between two strings.
  lib-requires		      available	 Commands to list Emacs Lisp library dependencies.
  line-comment-banner	      available	 Comment a line in a banner style.
  line-num		      available	 Display line numbers in left-margin of buffer.
  linkd			      available	 Make hypertext with active links in any buffer
  linkify		      available	 Create clickable links to lines in files.
  linum+		      available	 Extension of linum
  linum-ace		      available	 display line number as character like ace-jump-line-mode
  linum-ex		      available	 Display line numbers to the left of buffers
  linum-off		      available	 Provides an interface for turning line-numbering off
  linum-relative	      available	 display relative line number in the left margin
  lisppaste		      available	 Interact with the lisppaste pastebot via XML-RPC.
  lisppaste-extension	      available	 Some extension for lisppaste
  lispxmp		      available	 Automagic emacs lisp code annotation
  list-processes+	      available	 A enhance list processes command
  list-register		      available	 List register
  list-utils		      available	 List-manipulation utility functions
  listing		      available	 Show columnized view of list elements
  lively		      available	 Interactively updating text
  ljupdate		      available	 LiveJournal client for Emacs
  lnk			      available	 Follow Microsoft Explorer shortcuts
  load-relative		      available	 Relative file load (within a multi-file Emacs package)
  loc-changes		      available	 Emacs package to save marks on locations which may change. Intended use: editing a file which you are debugging
  log-buffer		      available	 Log buffer utils
  lojban		      available	 regexps, functions, commands to handle lojban text
  lojban-mode		      available	 lojban text mode w/ syntactical highlighting
  longlines		      available	 automatically wrap long lines
  longlines-jp		      available	 automatically wrap long lines in Japanese text  -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  look-mode		      available	 quick file viewer for image and text file browsing
  lookout		      available	 Tools for converting an Outlook-csv file to diary format
  loops			      available	 detect loops in lists
  lorem-ipsum		      available	 Lorem Ipsum Generator
  ls-lisp+		      available	 Enhancements of standard library `ls-lisp.el'.
  ls-lisp-20		      available	 emulate insert-directory completely in Emacs Lisp
  lua-block		      available	 highlight matching block
  lua-mode		      available	 A major-mode for editing Lua scripts
  lui			      available	 Linewise User Interface
  lusty-explorer	      available	 LustyExplorer is a fast and responsive way to manage files and buffers
  lyric-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing lyric (.lrc) files
  mac-print-mode	      available	 Pseudo-native print dialog for Cocoa/Carbon Emacs. Use M-p to generate an HTML version of the current buffer and print it with TextEdit
  macro-utils		      available	 Utilities for writing macros.
  macros+		      available	 Extensions to `macros.el'.
  magit			      available	 It's Magit! An Emacs mode for Git.
  magithub		      available	 Magit extensions for using GitHub
  magpie		      available	 acronym expansion and others. 
  mail-cmple-addr	      available	 complete mail address or expand mail alias interactively on the header field at mail mode
  mail-field		      available	 Emulate Sun mailtool field movement
  mail-notify		      available	 Notify you when have new mail.
  mail-reorder-headers	      available	 Re-arrange mail headers into pleasing order.
  mail-signature	      available	 Add context sensitive signature
  mailcap-view		      available	 View files based on the mime-type of the file extension
  mailcrypt		      available	 Mail encryption with PGP
  mailq			      available	 A major mode for `mailq' interaction
  mailrc		      available	 edit mailrc aliases
  mailx			      available	 A front-end to mailx
  man-page-fix		      available	 
  map-progress		      available	 Mapping macros that report progress
  mark-lines		      available	 triple-click like line marking functions
  mark-multiple		      available	 mark several regions at once
  markdown-mode		      available	 Major mode to edit Markdown files in Emacs
  markerpen		      available	 Colour and highlight arbitrary sections of buffers
  master		      available	 make a buffer the master over another buffer
  matlab-mode		      available	 Major mode for MATLAB(R) dot-m files
  maxframe		      available	 Maxframe provides the ability to maximize the emacs frame and stay within the display resolution.
  mazemax		      available	 labyrinth generation and exploration
  mb-depth+		      available	 Indicate minibuffer-depth in prompt
  mbsync		      available
  mc			      available	 Midnight Commander emulation for emacs using dired
  mc-auto-encrypt	      available	 automatically encrypt and decrypt at file open and save
  mc-gpg-file-mode	      available	 automatically gpg decrypt/encrypt files ending with '.gpg'
  mcskels		      available	 C skeletons.
  md-readme		      available	 Markdown-formatted READMEs for your ELisp
  mdabbrev		      available	 Dynamic abbreviation expansion in the middle of a word
  mediawiki		      available	 Mediawiki frontend
  mee-conf		      available	 
  mee-ibus		      available	 
  member-functions	      available	 Expand C++ member functions into implementation file
  memo-pop		      available	 Helps you pop up and pop out a specific file buffer easily.
  menu-bar+		      available	 Extensions to `menu-bar.el'.
  menu-tree		      available	 Mode: Emacs-Lisp ; Coding: utf-8 -*-
  merriam		      available	 Look up a word in WWW Merriam-Webster dictionary
  message-outlook	      available	 Create function for sending messages with M$ outlook
  message-x		      available	 customizable completion in message headers
  messenger-en		      available	 MSN Messenger on Emacs
  mgrep			      available	 Search in the directory previously specified
  mh-crypt		      available	 Manage encrypted or compressed MH messages.
  mic-paren		      available	 advanced highlighting of matching parentheses
  midje-mode		      available	 Midje is a testing framework for the Clojure programming language; midje-mode integrates it with Emacs, providing features like navigation and test reports.
  migemo-viper		      available	 A extension for viper 'f,F,t,T' commands by migemo.
  mingus		      available	 A client for the Music Player Daemon (MPD).
  mingus-stays-home	      available	 Time-stamp: <2009-07-06 20:20:04 sharik>
  minibuf-electric-gnuemacs   available	 
  minibuffer-complete-cycle   available	 Cycle through the *Completions* buffer
  minimal-session-saver	      available	 Very lean session saver
  minimap		      available	 Minimap sidebar for Emacs
  minor-mode-hack	      available	 Hack of minor-modes
  mirror		      available	 Maintain a (remote) copy of a (local) file
  mirror-mode		      available	 insert parens and string quotes in pairs
  misc-cmds		      available	 Miscellaneous commands (interactive functions).
  misc-fns		      available	 Miscellaneous non-interactive functions.
  miscutils		      available	 Miscallaneous utility functions for Editing,
  mistilteinn		      available	 minor-mode for mistilteinn
  mk-project		      available	  Lightweight project handling
  mkhtml		      available	  Create HTML with links.  (Extensions to `htmlize.el'.)
  mkhtml-htmlize	      available	 HTML-ize font-lock buffers
  mm2mw			      available	 A MoinMoin 1.2.x -> MediaWiki 1.7.x converter
  mmm-mode		      available	 Allow Multiple Major Modes in a buffer
  mo-git-blame		      available	 An interactive, iterative 'git blame' mode for Emacs
  mo-rot13		      available	 convert text buffer to and from ROT13
  moccur-edit		      available	 apply replaces to multiple files
  mode-compile		      available	 Smart command for compiling files according to major-mode.
  mode-line-frame	      available	 Create information frame like mode-line^
  modeline-posn		      available	 Set up `mode-line-position'.
  mogo			      available	 Simple MoGo client
  moikrug		      available	 (S)XEmacs interface to MoiKrug.
  mojo			      available	 Interactive functions for webOS development
  mon-aliases		      available	 consolidated aliases for functions provided by MON
  mon-alphabet-list-utils     available	 return alphabetic sequences in various formats
  mon-boxcutter		      available	 w32 screencaptures from Emacs
  mon-buffer-utils	      available	 buffer related procedures for mon-*utils features
  mon-button-utils	      available	 utilities for examining button properties
  mon-cifs-utils	      available	 utilities for mounting CIFS domain using auth-source
  mon-cl-compat		      available	 cl functions prefixed as cl::some-cl-function
  mon-cl-compat-regexps	      available	 
  mon-color-occur	      available	 color-occur.el with minor patches
  mon-color-utils	      available	 fncns for manipulating/examinaning color values
  mon-css-check		      available	 optimize CSS attributes and properties with Emacs interface to csstidy
  mon-css-color		      available	 Highlight and edit CSS colors
  mon-css-complete	      available	 complete css attributes and properties
  mon-default-loads	      available	 Constants and vars for MON system portability
  mon-default-start-loads     available	 fncns for initializing MON Emacs environment
  mon-dir-locals-alist	      available	 MON global vars bound to commonly used local-site paths
  mon-dir-utils		      available	 functions and commands for directories and files
  mon-dir-utils-local	      available	 local directory and file utilities 
  mon-doc-help-CL	      available	 utils for documenting Common Lisp from within Emacs
  mon-doc-help-char-encoding-lossage available Show charset encoding lossage
  mon-doc-help-css	      available	 extends mon-doc-help-utils with CSS related docs
  mon-doc-help-mail	      available	 extends mon-doc-help-utils package with mail xrefs
  mon-doc-help-pacman	      available	 
  mon-doc-help-proprietary    available	 extends mon-doc-help-utils with MS related docs
  mon-doc-help-tidy	      available	 extends mon-doc-help-utils package with HTML tidy docs
  mon-doc-help-utils	      available	 documentation enabling and generation extensions
  mon-doc-help-utils-supplemental available functions to bootstrap mon-doc-help-utils
  mon-drive-transfer-utils    available	 tools for transferring backing up large harddrives.
  mon-empty-registers	      available	 fill and empty register locations en masse.
  mon-env-proc-utils	      available	 procedures for interacting w/ process environment
  mon-error-utils	      available	 extensions for conditions and error handling
  mon-event-utils	      available	 event related procedures for mon-*utils features
  mon-get-mon-packages	      available	 snarf MON libraries with wget.
  mon-hash-utils	      available	  procedures to extend Emacs lisp hashtables
  mon-image-utils	      available	 interfacing with image manipulation processes
  mon-insertion-utils	      available	 insertion utils, licences, file templates, etc.
  mon-iptables-regexps	      available	 
  mon-iptables-vars	      available	 
  mon-jg-directory-creator    available	 utils for massive directory hierarchy creation
  mon-keybindings	      available	 MON keybindings for fncns used across sites
  mon-line-utils	      available	 line centric procedures for mon-*utils features
  mon-macs		      available	 macros for use with mon-*utils features
  mon-mysql-utils	      available	 procedures for extracting from MySQL query results
  mon-name-utils	      available	 procedures to rotatate or permute string-like name forms
  mon-plist-utils	      available	 functions for working plist-like lists
  mon-post-load-hooks	      available	 fncns to perform after initializing MON Emacsen
  mon-randomize-utils	      available	 procedures for generating pseudo randomness
  mon-rectangle-utils	      available	 procedures for manipulating rectangles
  mon-regexp-symbols	      available	 Regexp lists of common match/replace a pairs
  mon-region-utils	      available	 region oriented procedures for mon-*utils features
  mon-rename-image-utils      available	 utility fncns for image manipulation
  mon-rename-image-utils-supplemental available	
  mon-replacement-utils	      available	 common regexp and subsitiution procedures 
  mon-seq-utils		      available	 procedures for frobbing sequences
  mon-site-local-defaults     available	 load/init fncns, vars, const for MON packages
  mon-string-utils	      available	 string frobbing procedures for mon-*utils features
  mon-testme-utils	      available	 tests and template for inserting them
  mon-text-property-utils     available	 extensions for text-properties/overlays
  mon-time-utils	      available	 utilities for working with time.
  mon-tramp-utils	      available	 
  mon-type-utils	      available	 procedures for interogating lisp objects
  mon-type-utils-vars	      available	 variables useful for interogating lisp objects
  mon-url-utils		      available	 interactive utils for URL data lookups
  mon-utils		      available	 common utilities and BIG require for other of MON packages
  mon-w32-load		      available	 
  mon-wget-utils	      available	 routines for pulling files with wget 
  mon-window-utils	      available	 window related procedures for mon-*utils features
  mon-word-syntax-utils	      available	 counting things with word syntax
  monDOTemacs		      available	 
  monky			      available	 Magit for Hg
  monokai-theme		      available	 TextMate theme Monokai port for Emacs color-theme.
  motion-and-kill-dwim	      available	 Motion and kill DWIM commands
  mouse+		      available	 Extensions to `mouse.el'.
  mouse-drag-fix	      available	 Bug fixed version of mouse-drag
  mouse3		      available	 Customizable behavior for `mouse-3'.
  move-and		      available	 Move point and perform some other action
  move-text		      available	 Move current line or region with M-up or M-down.
  moz-repl		      available	 Lets current buffer interact with inferior mozilla.
  mp3player		      available	 Interface to mpg123 or winamp
  mp3player-scores	      available	 Scoring system for mp3player
  mpcel			      available	 A mpd (Music Player Daemon) client
  mpris-dbus		      available	 MPRIS call via dbus
  mpris-track-list	      available	 MPRIS track list
  msearch		      available	 Search for mouse selection
  msf-abbrev		      available	 maintain abbrevs in a directory tree
  msgcodes		      available	 common and rare Usenet message 
  mss			      available	 Make smart shortcuts to programs in your Win95/98/NT4 start menu
  mthesaur		      available	 Thesaurus look-up of a word or phrase.
  mtrace		      available	 keep track of hidden buffer changes
  mu			      available	 play on a MUSH or MUD within Emacs
  mudel			      available	 The Mudel MUD Client
  mule-menu		      available	 Add multiple language support for menubar
  multi-eshell		      available	 Create and manage multiple shells within Emacs
  multi-scratch		      available	 Multiple scratches manager
  multi-shell		      available	 Multi-Shell Manager
  multi-term		      available	 A mode based on term.el, for managing multiple terminal buffers in Emacs.
  multi-web-mode	      available	 Multi Web Mode is a minor mode which makes web editing in Emacs much easier
  multiple-cursors	      available	 An experiment in adding multiple cursors to emacs
  multiple-line-edit	      available	 Edit multiple line at a time.
  multitran		      available	 
  multiverse		      available	 manage multiple versions of buffers in an Emacs session
  mumamo-noweb		      available	 MuMaMo noweb goo
  muse			      available	 An authoring and publishing tool for Emacs
  muse-blog		      available	 Keep and publish a blog
  muse-ess		      available	 emacs muse speaks statistics
  muse-tree		      available	 Show muse project using tree-widget
  muse-website		      available	 Generate a website from Muse
  mustache-mode		      available	 Emacs Major Mode for Mustache
  mutt			      available	 Use Emacs 20 as an external editor for the Mutt mailer
  muttrc-mode		      available	 Major mode to edit muttrc under Emacs
  mwe-log-commands	      available	 Log keyboard commands to buffer
  mybuffers		      available	 Switch buffers with Ctrl-Tab (or another keystroke)
  myfixme		      available	 minor mode to automatically font-lock FIXME notes
  mysql			      available	 mysql front-end
  mysql-query		      available	 execute sql select using mysql. -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  mysql-table2entity-4csharp  available	 mysql table2entity for csharp   -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  mysql-table2entity-4java    available	 mysql table2entity for java   -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  mythryl-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing Mythryl code
  mz-comment-fix	      available	 fixes nested comments for XML and other languages
  n3-mode		      available	 Mode for Notation 3
  naf-mode		      available	 
  naf-mode-art-keywords	      available	 
  naf-mode-awards-prizes      available	 
  naf-mode-benezit-flags      available	 
  naf-mode-city-names-us      available	 
  naf-mode-classes	      available	 
  naf-mode-dates	      available	 regexp variables for matching dates in naf-mode
  naf-mode-db-fields	      available	 
  naf-mode-db-flags	      available	 keyword lists and regexps for font-locking in `naf-mode'
  naf-mode-english-roles      available	 
  naf-mode-events	      available	 
  naf-mode-faces	      available	 
  naf-mode-french-months      available	 
  naf-mode-french-roles	      available	 
  naf-mode-group-period-styles available 
  naf-mode-insertion-utils    available	 insertion procedures for working in `naf-mode' buffer
  naf-mode-institution	      available	 
  naf-mode-intnl-city-names   available	 
  naf-mode-nation-english     available	 
  naf-mode-nation-french      available	 
  naf-mode-nationality-english available 
  naf-mode-nationality-french available	 
  naf-mode-publications-periodicals-english available 
  naf-mode-publications-periodicals-french available 
  naf-mode-publications-periodicals-intnl available 
  naf-mode-regions	      available	 
  naf-mode-state-names	      available	 
  naf-mode-students-of-julian available	 
  naf-mode-ulan-utils	      available	 utility fncns for converting ULAN data for naf-mode
  naf-mode-xrefs	      available	 xrefing variable list of corelated naf-mode symbols
  nagios-mode		      available	 An Emacs mode for Nagios <http://www.nagios.org/>
  naked			      available	 Provide for naked key descriptions: no angle brackets.
  naquadah-theme	      available	 Naquadah theme for Emacs
  nav			      available	 Emacs mode for filesystem navigation
  nav-flash		      available	 Briefly highlight the current line
  nc			      available	 emulate famos ms-dog file browser
  ncl-mode		      available	 ncl-mode and other goodies for editing Ncar Command        line Language(NCL) files.
  ne2wm			      available	 Perspectives, plugins, functions and commands for e2wm
  netrexx-mode		      available	 highlight and indent Netrexx program files.
  newpaste		      available	 Paste directly from Emacs to http://paste.lisp.org using Emacs `url' library
  newpastebin		      available	 
  newsticker-extension	      available	 Some extension function for newsticker
  newsticker-notify	      available	 Notify newsticker news in mode-line
  nginx-mode		      available	 major mode for editing nginx config files
  nmcobol-mode		      available	 For use with Tandem Cobol only - Sorry.
  nnir			      available	 
  no-word		      available	 use antiword program to view word documents in emacs
  nognus		      available	 A newsreader for GNU Emacs
  notify		      available	 Notification front-end
  notmuch		      available	 Run notmuch(thread-based email index, search and tagging) within emacs
  novice+		      available	 Extensions to `novice.el'.
  nrepl			      available	 An Emacs client for nREPL, the Clojure networked REPL server.
  nsis-mode		      available	 A major mode for editing NSIS files
  ntcmd			      available	 major mode for editing cmd scripts
  nterm			      available	 New TERMinal emulator
  nxhtml		      available	 An addon for Emacs mainly for web development.
  nyan-mode		      available	 Nyan Cat for Emacs! Nyanyanyanyanyanyanyanyanyan!
  o-blog		      available	 Stand alone org-mode blog exporter.
  oauth			      available	 Oauth library.
  oauth2		      available	 OAuth 2.0 Authorization Protocol
  occur-schroeder	      available	 Invoke occur from within isearch
  oddmuse		      available	 Edit pages on an Oddmuse wiki
  oddmuse-curl		      available	 edit pages on an Oddmuse wiki using curl
  offlineimap		      available	 Run OfflineIMAP from Emacs
  oggel			      available	 OGG encoding for EmacsLisp 
  oicq			      available	 A front-end to perl OICQ
  one-key		      available	 Easy access configurable popup menus to display keybindings and other things.
  one-key-bmkp		      available	 one-key menus for bookmarks
  one-key-config	      available	 Configuration for one-key.el
  one-key-default	      available	 one-key-ize default key bindings
  one-key-dir		      available	 Functions for quickly navigating directory trees with one-key menus
  one-key-regs		      available	 Code for handling registers, macros and bookmarks using one-key menus.
  one-key-yas		      available	 functions for using one-key menus to access yasnippets
  oneonone		      available	 Frame configuration that uses one frame per window.
  onkey			      available	 
  online-search		      available	 Online dictionary or intelligent api search engine for developers
  opa-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing OPA programs
  open-junk-file	      available	 Open a junk (memo) file to try-and-error
  openpaste		      available	 Emacs interface for OpenPastebin
  openwith		      available	 Open files with external programs
  oprofile-mode		      available	 An oprofile callgraph viewer
  options+		      available	 Extensions to `options.el'.
  oracle-query		      available	 execute sql select using sqlplus. -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  oracle-shell-query	      available	 execute a select sql using sqlplus . -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  oracle-table2entity-4csharp available	 oracle table2entity for csharp   -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  oracle-table2entity-4java   available	 oracle table2entity for java   -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  org			      available	 Carsten's outline mode for keeping track of everything.
  org-annotate-file	      available	 Annotate a file with org syntax
  org-assoc-tags	      available	 Automatically associate tags when key-tagging an item
  org-blog		      available	 create and publish a blog with org-mode
  org-buffers		      available	 An Org-mode tool for buffer management
  org-cua-dwim		      available	 Allow C-c, C-v, C-x etc to work as you would expect elsewhere when using CUA mode.
  org-export-blocks-format-plantuml available 
  org-extension		      available	 Some extensions for Org mode
  org-fstree		      available	 Emacs orgmode extension for generating filesystem tree representations with annotations.
  org-html5presentation	      available	 html5 presentation from org files
  org-jira		      available	 add a jira:ticket protocol to org.
  org-json		      available	 conversion between org and json
  org-mairix		      available	 Support for hooking mairix search into Org for different MUAs
  org-mode		      available	 Org-mode is for keeping notes, maintaining ToDo lists, doing project planning, and authoring with a fast and effective plain-text system.
  org-occur-goto	      available	 search open org buffers with an occur interface
  org-oddmuse		      available	 Transform from Org-mode to Oddmuse Wiki format.
  org-outlook		      available	 Integrate Microsoft Outlook with org-mode
  org-pua		      available	 Org pop-up annotation
  org-publish		      available	 publish related org-mode files as a website
  org-readme		      available	 Integrates Readme.org and Commentary/Change-logs.
  org-search-goto	      available	 Use search to go to locations in your org buffers
  org-search-goto-ml	      available	 Use multiline search to go to locations in your org buffers
  org-table-comment	      available	 Org tables in comments
  org-website		      available	 Generate multi-level website from org
  org2blog		      available	 Blog from Org mode to wordpress
  organizer-mode	      available	 major mode for editing organizer list files
  orgfold		      available	 
  orgfold-separate-file	      available	 
  orgindent		      available	 
  osc			      available	 Open Sound Control
  osx-browse		      available	 Web browsing helpers for OS X
  otp			      available	 a one-time password creator for Emacs -*- emacs-lisp -*-
  outline+		      available	 Extensions to `outline.el'.
  outline-magic		      available	 outline mode extensions for Emacs
  outline-wiki		      available	 An outline-based wiki-like mode
  outlook-org		      available	 Outlook org
  override-keymaps	      available	 
  pabbrev		      available	 Predictive abbreviation expansion
  package		      available	 ELPA implementation ("package.el") from Emacs 24
  paint			      available	 Makes a Emacs to the Paint Tool
  palette		      available	 Color palette useful with RGB, HSV, and color names
  paredit		      available	 Minor mode for editing parentheses
  paredit-extension	      available	 Simple extension base on paredit.el
  parenface		      available	 Provide a face for parens in lisp modes.
  parenthesis		      available	 Insert pair of parenthesis
  parser		      available	 Elisp Macro DSL Parser Compiler
  parser-fn		      available	 
  paste2		      available	 Simple interface for paste2.org
  pastebin		      available	 An Emacs interface to pastebin.com.
  pastebox		      available	 Emacs lisp lib for pasting to PasteBox-powered bins.
  pastie		      available	 Emacs integration for pastie.org
  pbotutil		      available	 interface to pbotutil.pl
  pc-keys		      available	 Smart `home' and `end' keys.
  pcmpl-git		      available	 pcomplete support for git
  pcmpl-ssh		      available	 functions for completing SSH hostnames
  pddl-mode		      available	 A Planning and Domain Definition Language editing mode    -*-coding: iso-8859-1;-*-
  pdftools		      available	 a collection of pdf tools to mimic ps-spool- functions
  peg			      available	 Parsing Expression Grammars in Emacs Lisp
  per-window-point	      available	 persisent per-window values of point
  perl-completion	      available	 minor mode provides useful features for editing perl codes
  perl-find-library	      available	 Functions for locating perl libraries on your system
  perlcritic		      available	 Call perlcritic in Emacs
  perldb-ui		      available	 User Interface for perl debugger
  perlisisms		      available	 
  perlmonks		      available	 A simple interface to www.perlmonks.org
  perltidy		      available	 Tidy perl code
  persistent-soft	      available	 Persistent storage, returning nil on failure
  perspective		      available	 switch between named perspectives of the editor
  pg			      available	 Emacs Lisp interface to the PostgreSQL RDBMS
  pgsql-linum-format	      available	 A linum-mode hook to display PostgreSQL functions line numbers
  pgsrc-el		      available	 PostgreSQL source editing facilities for Emacs
  phonetic		      available	 Phonetize (Alpha, Bravo, Charlie...) the region
  php-completion	      available	 complete everything PHP with Anything.el
  php-doc		      available	 Php document helper
  php-mode		      available	 A PHP mode for GNU Emacs 
  php-mode-improved	      available	 Major mode for editing PHP code. This is a version of the php-mode from http://php-mode.sourceforge.net that fixes a few bugs which make using php-mode much more palatable
  phutball		      available	 play phutball in Emacs
  pianobar		      available	 Run Pandora as an inferior process in emacs by using pianobar
  pic-basic-mode	      available	 Editing mode for MELabs PIC Basic
  pinbar		      available	 Display a pin bar in the header line
  pink-bliss		      available	 a pink color theme for Emacs
  pinot			      available	 Use pinot desktop meta search engine via Emacs anything/helm interface.
  pkb-0.2		      available	 tools to print keymap bindings in a pretty fashion
  pkb-html-0.2		      available	 print bindings in a pretty fashion in html format
  pkgbuild-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing PKGBUILD files
  place-windows		      available	 commands for placing active windows
  planner		      available	 Planner is an organizer and day planner for Emacs. It helps you keep track of your pending and completed tasks, daily schedule, dates to remember, notes and inspirations.
  planner-favoris	      available	 add some bookmarks in a planner day page
  planner-frame		      available	 Devote a frame to the Planner
  planner-hierarchy	      available	 Hierarchical Planning
  planner-notes-index-page    available	 create index of notes in a particular page
  planner-todo-index	      available	 find todos in files of project and display to planner page
  plsql			      available	 Programming support for PL/SQL code
  plt-completions	      available	 Completion for PLT Scheme
  plural		      available	 Pluralize english nouns.
  pmenu			      available	 Easily customizable paged menu system
  pmenu-config		      available	 Customisation file. Pairs with pmenu.el
  pmx-mode		      available	 Generic mode for font-lock support and pmx.
  po-mode		      available	 Major mode for GNU gettext PO files
  po-mode+		      available	 Extensions to GNU gettext's `po-mode.el'.
  point-ring		      available	 Cycle between point positions
  point-stack		      available	 Like forward/back for browser, but for emacs point
  point-undo		      available	 undo/redo position
  pointback		      available	 Restore window points when returning to buffers
  poker			      available	 A simple poker game for Emacs
  policy-switch		      available	 Window configuration navigation utility.
  pom			      available	 Utility functions for dealing with maven project.xml files
  pom-parser		      available	 Tools for using attributes from a Maven POM in JDE project files
  pomodoro		      available	 Pomodoro Technique for emacs
  pony-mode		      available	 A Django mode for Emacs.
  poor-mans-bidi	      available	 BiDirectional editing mode  -*-coding: utf-8;-*-
  popbiff		      available	 Checks for mail using POP3
  popbiff2		      available	 Checks for mail using POP3
  popup			      available	 Visual Popup Interface Library for Emacs
  popup-kill-ring	      available	 Interactively insert item from kill-ring
  popup-pos-tip		      available	 pos-tip.el wrapper library for programs using popup.el
  popup-ruler		      available	 Displays a ruler at point.
  popup-select-window	      available	 selecting a window by popup-menu*
  popwin		      available	 Popup Window Manager.
  portage		      available	 search and install Gentoo packages
  pos-tip		      available	 Show tooltip at point
  pov-mode		      available	 Major mode for Povray scene files
  powerline		      available	 Powerline for Emacs
  pp+			      available	 Extensions to `pp.el'.
  pp-c-l		      available	 Display Control-l characters in a pretty way
  ppindent		      available	 Indents C preprocessor directives
  ppm-gen		      available	 simple & slow ppm generation in emacs.
  prand			      available	 generate pesudo-random number
  predictive		      available	 The Emacs Predictive Completion package adds a new minor-mode to the GNU Emacs editor.
  prefixkey		      available	 Prefix key processing.
  pretty-greek		      available	 
  pretty-lambdada	      available	 Show the word `lambda' as the Greek letter.
  pretty-mode		      available	 Redisplay parts of the buffer as pretty symbols
  prev-next-buffer	      available	 Surrogates of `next-buffer' and `previous-buffer'
  processing-mode	      available	 Processing mode for Emacs. Written by Rudolf Olah. This mode is a derivative of the java-mode. It adds key-bindings for running/compiling Processing sketches and it also highlights keywords found in the Processing language, such as ``setup'', ``draw'', and ``frameRate''.
  procmaillog		      available	 Read the procmail log file in Gnus
  procomm-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing PROCOMM ASPECT scripts
  profile-dotemacs	      available	 profiles your .emacs
  profile-lisp		      available	 
  profile-template	      available	 
  profiles		      available	 profile management system
  project-buffer-mode	      available	 Generic mode to browse project file
  project-buffer-mode+	      available	 Extension for project-buffer-mode
  project-buffer-occur	      available	 Occur functionality for Project Mode
  project-local-variables     available	 Set project-local variables from a file.
  projman		      available	 Simple source file project management
  prolog-el		      available	 A major mode for Prolog programming under Emacs and offers to my knowledge the best Prolog IDE out there, especially when used from within XEmacs.
  protbuf		      available	 protect buffers from accidental killing
  protbuf-by-name	      available	 Extend protbuf.el to allow protecting specific buffer names.
  protobuf-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing protocol buffers.
  ps-print-19		      available	 Print text from the buffer as PostScript
  ps2pdf		      available	 Convert Postscript to PDF
  pstricks		      available	 jpgeorget
  psvn			      available	 Subversion interface for emacs
  puppet-mode		      available	 A simple mode for editing puppet manifests
  pushy			      available	 pushy completion
  puzzle		      available	 slide puzzle for Emacs
  pwsafe		      available	 Emacs interface to pwsafe, by Stefan Reichoer
  py-indent		      available	 Python indentation with annotations
  pycomplete+		      available	 complete symbols at point using Pymacs
  pydoc-info		      available	 Emacs package for searching Python documentation in Info
  pylit			      available	 support for the PyLit literate programming tool
  pylookup		      available	 Emacs mode for searching python documents with convenience
  pymacs		      available	 Interface between Emacs Lisp and Python
  python		      available	 Python's flying circus support for Emacs
  python-magic		      available	 outline mode extension for python mode
  python-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing Python programs
  python-pep8		      available	 Minor mode for running `pep8'
  q-mode		      available	 kdbp-mode + q-minor-mode combined for easy installation and using.
  qmake-mode		      available	 Qmake mode for emacs
  qml-mode		      available	 Qt Declarative UI (QML) mode for Emacs
  qq-mode		      available	 Modes for creating valid XHTML 1.0 Transitional pages.
  qsearch		      available	 simple isearch implemented as a quasimode
  quack			      available	 Enhanced support for editing and running Scheme code
  query			      available	 Functions to query the user
  queue-mail		      available	 Queue draft e-mail in a directory
  quick-buffer-switch	      available	 Quick switch to file or dir buffers.
  quick-jump		      available	 
  quickrun		      available	 Run commands quickly
  r-autoyas		      available	 Automatic yasnippet creation for emacs lisp.
  r5rs			      available	 
  rails-el		      available	 It is minor mode for editing Ruby On Rails code with Emacs
  rainbow-delimiters	      available	 Color nested parentheses, brackets, and braces according to their depth.
  rainbow-mode		      available	 Colorize color names in buffers
  random-idle-quote	      available	 display a random quote during idle
  random-quote		      available	 chooses a random quote from a file
  rational		      available	 Rational number in factorial-base format.
  rcirc			      available	 emacs irc client
  rcirc-alias		      available	 provide a local alias for nicks
  rcirc-auto-away	      available	 
  rcirc-color		      available	 color nicks
  rcirc-color-22	      available	 color nicks
  rcirc-controls	      available	 control sequences
  rcirc-dbus		      available	 rcirc dbus notifications
  rcirc-ding		      available	 do something such as beep on channel activity
  rcirc-extension	      available	 The extensions that i collect.
  rcirc-groups		      available	 An emacs buffer in rcirc-groups major mode
  rcirc-late-fix	      available	 Replace s/wrong/right strings on rcirc buffers
  rcirc-nonames-on-join	      available	 
  rcirc-notify		      available	 libnotify popups
  rcirc-notify+		      available	 Rcirc notify library
  rcirc-notify-mode	      available	 an emacs buffer in rcirc-notify-mode major mode
  rcirc-pounce		      available	 maintain a message queue for offline nicks
  rcirc-random-names	      available	 randomize names
  rcirc-sound		      available	 CTCP SOUND support for rcirc 
  rcov-overlay		      available	 colorize untested ruby code
  rdebug		      available	 Ruby debugger user interface, startup file.
  rdict			      available	 Interface to rus<->eng online dictionary.
  re-builder+		      available	 Re-builder+
  re-builder-from-xemacs-patched available building Regexps with visual feedback
  read-float		      available	 Read float values in binary format from literal buffer
  really-simple-wiki	      available	 edit local raw wiki pages
  rebox2		      available	 create, remove, edit boxes
  recentf-buffer	      available	 creates the buffer with the list of recently open files.
  recentf-ext		      available	 Recentf extensions
  reco			      available	 'Reco'gnize what is playing on a streaming audio
  record-processor	      available	 
  record-type		      available	 Define record type for Emacs Lisp
  rect-extension	      available	 Some extensions for rect.el
  rect-mark		      available	 Mark a rectangle of text with highlighting.
  redo+			      available	 Redo/undo system for Emacs
  redshank		      available	 A collection of code-wrangling Emacs macros mostly geared towards Common Lisp, but some are useful for other Lisp dialects, too.
  redspace		      available	 a minor mode for highlighting empty space at end of lines
  reflected-buffers	      available	 Indirect buffers w/o shared font lock
  reftex		      available	 Version and autoloads of RefTeX
  regex-tool		      available	 A regular expression evaluation tool for programmers
  regexpl		      available	 Search and replace list of patterns and replacements.
  region-list-edit	      available	 
  register-list		      available	  Interactively list/edit registers
  relative-linum	      available	 show relative line number and allow offset jumping
  remember		      available	 Remember is an Emacs mode for quickly remembering data.
  remind-to-diary	      available	 convert remind `simple calendar' output to diary format
  rep-words		      available	 find repeat words that repeat too much
  repdet		      available	 detect repetition in user activity
  repeat-insert		      available	 Repetitititive insertion functions.
  replace+		      available	 Extensions to `replace.el'.
  replace-eval-xmas	      available	 Xemacs port of gnu emacs query-replace-* functions.
  repository-root	      available	 deduce the repository root directory for a given file
  require-or-install	      available	 Download and automagically install Emacs Lisp
  revbufs		      available	 Reverts out-of-date buffers safely
  revive		      available	 Revive.el saves current editing status including the window splitting configuration, which can't be recovered by `desktop.el' nor by `saveconf.el', into a file and reconstructs that status correctly.
  revive-plus		      available	 Serialize your window configurations in Emacs
  rewrite		      available	  Utility to rewrite text files with easier regular expression handling
  rfc			      available	 view RFC
  rfringe		      available	 display the relative location of the region, in the fringe
  rgrep-append		      available	 
  rhtml-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing RHTML files
  ri			      available	 Ruby Documentation Lookup
  ri-emacs		      available	 Ruby ri help inside emacs
  ricette-mode		      available	 vedere ricette
  rijndael		      available	 Rijndael (AES) block cipher implementation
  rinari		      available	 Rinari Is Not A Rails IDE
  ring+			      available	 Extensions to `ring.el'.
  rmail-extras		      available	 remote inboxes for RMAIL, extend 
  rmail-saver		      available	 An easy way of saving mail messages to files
  rmail-spamprobe	      available	 interact with spamprobe from within RMAIL
  rmailgen		      available	 generates guesses for RMAIL output files and FCC files.
  rmime			      available	 read MIME messages
  rnc-mode		      available	 A major mode for editing RELAX NG Compact syntax.
  rope			      available	 A python refactoring library
  ropemacs		      available	 An Emacs minor mode for using rope python refactoring library in emacs.
  ropemode		      available	 Common parts of ropemacs and ropevim.
  rspec-mode		      available	 Enhance ruby-mode for RSpec
  rss			      available	 Create and update RSS(version 2.0)
  rst-mode		      available	 Mode for viewing and editing reStructuredText-documents.
  rt-liberation		      available	 An interface to the RT system.
  rtf-mode		      available	 Emacs major mode for viewing/editing raw RTF source
  rtrt-script		      available	 
  rubai			      available	 random display of collection of strings (rhymes, rubai ...)
  ruby-block		      available	 Highlight matching block
  ruby-compilation	      available	 Run a ruby process in a compilation buffer
  ruby-electric		      available	 Electric commands editing for ruby files
  ruby-end		      available	 Emacs minor mode for automatic insertion of end blocks for Ruby
  ruby-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing Ruby files. RubyMode provides font-locking, indentation support, and navigation for Ruby code.
  ruby-test		      available	 Test runner for ruby unit tests.
  ruby-test-mode	      available	 Emacs minor mode for Behaviour and Test Driven Development in Ruby
  rudel			      available	 A collaborative editing framework for Emacs
  run-assoc		      available	 Run program or lisp function associated with a file.
  rusewiki		      available	 edit pages on an RuseWiki wiki using curl
  rust-mode		      available	 Emacs mode for Rust
  rv-font-23		      available	 set font(cjk) for emacs-23
  rvm			      available	 Emacs integration for rvm
  rxvt			      available	 define function key sequences for rxvt
  sass-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing Sass files
  sauron		      available	 enhanced tracking of the world inside and outside your emacs
  save-abbreviation-mode      available	 
  save-and-dwim		      available	 save, then do something after saving.
  save-load-path	      available	 save load-path and reuse it to test
  savehist-20+		      available	 Save minibuffer history.
  savekill		      available	 Save kill ring to disk
  saw-client		      available	 Interaction with sawfish
  scala-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing Scala code.
  scheme-complete	      available	 Context-sensitive completion for Scheme code.
  scheme-here		      available	 cmuscheme extension for multiple inferior processes
  scheme48		      available	 A major mode for Scheme48 development
  school-points-off	      available	 Display grades based on number of problems on the test
  scilab		      available	 SCILAB INTEGRATED SHELL, EDITING AND  HELP in GNU-Emacs/Xemacs 
  scim-bridge-extension	      available	 Simple extension for scim-bridge.el
  scion			      available	 IDE library for Haskell based on the GHC API.
  scpaste		      available	 Paste to the web via scp.
  scratch		      available	 Mode-specific scratch buffers
  screen-term		      available	 
  screencast		      available	 demonstrate the capabilities of Emacs
  screencast-cyedt	      available	 
  screencast-graphviz-dot-mode available 
  screencast-nxml	      available	 
  screencast-outline	      available	 
  screencast-record	      available	 record your screencasts as movies
  screencast-rectangles	      available	 
  screencast-registers	      available	 
  screenplay		      available	 support writing of plain text screen plays
  screenshot		      available	 Take a screenshot in Emacs
  screenwriter		      available	 EMacs mode to format screenplays
  scrl-margs		      available	 scroll margins minor mode
  scrmable		      available	 scrmable chtrcaaers in wdors
  scroll-mode-line-mode	      available	 
  scss-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing SCSS files(http://sass-lang.com)
  sdcv			      available	 Interface for sdcv (StartDict console version).
  sdic-inline		      available	 Program to view dictionary.
  sdic-inline-pos-tip	      available	 Extension for sdic-inline-mode using pos-tip.el
  second-sel		      available	 Secondary selection commands
  seinquote		      available	 Seinfeld Quotes
  selective-undo-xmas	      available	 
  selectkey		      available	 Select buffers by type with a single key
  semantic-tag-folding	      available	 semantic decoration style to enable folding of semantic tags
  semi			      available	 SEMI is a library to provide MIME feature for GNU Emacs.
  sentence-highlight	      available	 highlight the current sentence
  sequential-command	      available	 Many commands into one command
  sequential-command-config   available	 Examples of sequential-command.el 
  session		      available	 When you start Emacs, package Session restores various variables (e.g., input histories) from your last session. It also provides a menu containing recently changed/visited files and restores the places (e.g., point) of such a file when you revisit it.
  setnu			      available	 vi-style line number mode for Emacs
  setnu+		      available	 Extensions to `setnu.el'.
  setup			      available	 Startup assignments: hooks etc.
  setup-cygwin		      available	 Set up Emacs for using Cygwin
  setup-helper		      available	 Functions for installation and setup of Emacs
  setup-keys		      available	 Some key bindings.
  sfst			      available	 major mode for editing SFST files
  shadow		      available	 That's not the file. That's shadow.
  shell-command		      available	 enables tab-completion for `shell-command'
  shell-command-extension     available	 Some extension for shell-command
  shell-command-queue	      available	 Queue shell commands for execution
  shell-completion	      available	 provides tab completion for shell commands
  shell-current-directory     available	 Create new shell based on buffer directory
  shell-history		      available	 integration with shell history
  shell-pop		      available	 Helps you pop up and pop out shell buffer easily.
  shell-switcher	      available	 An emacs mode to easily switch between shell buffers (like with alt+tab)
  shen-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing Shen source code
  shime			      available	 Superior Haskell Interaction Mode for Emacs
  shortlist		      available	 
  show-help		      available	 Show help as showtip
  show-point-mode	      available	 show point position in status bar
  show-wspace		      available	 OBSOLETE - replaced by library `highlight-chars.el'.
  showtip		      available	 Show tip at cursor
  sicp			      available	 The second edition of the book Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs (SICP) in info format
  sie			      available	 Interpreter of a Scheme-like language
  sierotki		      available	 Introduce tildes after single-letter words
  sig-quote		      available	  Add quotes to signature according to recipients (Gnus/RMAIL/MH-E/vm)
  simple+		      available	 Extensions to standard library `simple.el'.
  simple-call-tree	      available	 analyze source code based on font-lock text-properties
  simple-call-tree+	      available	 Extensions to simple-call-tree
  simple-emacswiki	      available	 edit emacswiki.org within Emacs
  simple-wiki-completion      available	 
  simple-wiki-recent-changes  available	 view recent changes 
  simplenote		      available	 Helper functions for simple-note.appspot.com
  singlebind		      available	 Bind commands to single characters
  ska-skel-matlab	      available	 my matlab skeletons
  skype			      available	 Skype UI for emacs users.
  sl			      available	 sl for emacs lisp
  slim-mode		      available	 Syntax highlighting for Slim
  slime			      available	 Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Emacs
  slime-company		      available	 slime completion backend for company mode
  slime-loads		      available	 stub to indirect slime/swank configs on GNU
  slime-loads-GNU-clbuild     available	 conform slime/swank to current environment
  sln-mode		      available	 Create a project-buffer using sln file
  slurp			      available	 Search a file hierarchy for files with matching names
  smart-compile		      available	 an interface to `compile'
  smart-compile+	      available	 an interface to `compile' -*- folded-file: t -*-
  smart-dabbrev		      available	 smarter dabbrev-expand
  smart-dnd		      available	 user-configurable drag-n-drop feature
  smart-operator	      available	 Beautify the operators in codes
  smart-tab		      available	 Intelligent tab completion and indentation.
  smartchr		      available	 Emacs version of smartchr.vim
  smartrep		      available	 Support sequential operation which omitted prefix keys.
  smarttabs		      available	 Emacs smart tabs - indent with tabs, align with spaces!
  smarty-mode		      available	 Smarty-Mode is a mode allowing easy edit of Smarty templates: highlight, templates, navigation into source files.
  smex			      available	 M-x interface with Ido-style fuzzy matching.
  sml-mode		      available	 SML-mode is a major Emacs mode for editing Standard ML source code.
  sml-modeline		      available	 Show position in a scrollbar like way in mode-line
  smooth-scroll		      available	 Minor mode for smooth scrolling.
  smooth-scrolling	      available	 Make emacs scroll smoothly, keeping the point away from the top and bottom of the current buffer's window in order to keep lines of context around the point visible as much as possible, whilst avoiding sudden scroll jumps which are visually confusing.
  sms			      available	 major mode for composing and sending SMS text messages
  snipplr		      available	 Emacs interface to snipplr.com
  sort+			      available	 Extensions to `sort.el'.
  sourcepair		      available	 Load the corresponding C/C++ header or source file for the current buffer.
  space-chord		      available	 Key chord with Space
  spam-stat		      available	 detecting spam based on statistics
  spanish		      available	 
  spartan-wiki		      available	 a really spartan personal wiki
  speck			      available	 minor mode for spell checking
  speedbar-extension	      available	 Some extensions for speedbar
  spell-number		      available	 Spell out an integer or currency in words.  -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
  sql			      available	 specialized comint.el for SQL interpreters
  sql-complete		      available	 provide completion for tables and columns
  sql-completion	      available	 Completion in *SQL* for mysql
  sql-indent		      available	 indentation of SQL statements
  sql-transform		      available	 transform SQL statements
  sql-with-placeholders	      available	 handle SQL statements with placeholders gently
  sqled-mode		      available	 Major Mode for editing sql, sqlplus and pl/sql code
  sqlparser-mysql-complete    available	 completing tablename,column name for mysql. -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  sqlparser-oracle-complete   available	 completing tablename,column name for oracle. -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  sqlparser-sqlserver-complete available complete tablename and columnname when editing sql -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  sqlplus		      available	 User friendly interface to SQL*Plus and support for PL/SQL compilation
  sqlserver-query	      available	 execute sql select using sqlcmd.exe or osql.exe on SQL SERVER. -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  sqlserver-table2entity-4csharp available sqlserver table2entity for csharp   -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  sqlserver-table2entity-4java available sqlserver table2entity for csharp   -*- coding:utf-8 -*-
  squirrel-mode		      available	 A major mode for editing Squirrel scripts.
  sr-monotone		      available	 
  sr-speedbar		      available	 Same frame speedbar
  srep			      available	 the smart text repeater
  srfi			      available	 View Scheme requests for implementation
  ssh			      available	 This is a comint-based interface for connecting to remote hosts via ssh.
  ssh-config		      available	 Manage both ssh and dsh confguration from emacs
  stardict		      available	 stardict dictionary library
  start			      available	 Main Emacs startup file: require/autoload other files.
  start-opt		      available	 Some customizations to be done at the end of startup.
  startup		      available	 
  steersman		      available	 Control Emacs over XMPP/Jabber
  steno			      available	 edit time-stamped entries in text notepads under Emacs.
  sticky		      available	 Sticky key for capital letters
  sticky-windows	      available	 Make windows stay visible
  stream		      available	 a stream library in elisp
  string-template	      available	 Support for $-substitution.
  string-utils		      available	 String-manipulation utilities
  strings		      available	 Miscellaneous string functions.
  stripe-buffer		      available	 Make stripe color with buffer.
  stripes		      available	 alternate the background color of lines
  strptime		      available	 partial implementation of POSIX date and time parsing
  struct+		      available	 
  stuffcast		      available	 Stuff a PMP with content
  subedit		      available	 edit part of a buffer in a new buffer
  submerge		      available	 
  subr-21		      available	 Provides Emacs 20 with Emacs 21 subr.el and built-in functions.
  sudo-ext		      available	 sudo support
  sudo-save		      available	 Allow saving files using sudo
  sumatra-forward	      available	 (X)Emacs frontend to forward search with SumatraPDF
  summarye		      available	 list up matched strings from a buffer, and display them in summary buffer
  sunrise-commander	      available	 Two-pane file manager for Emacs based on Dired and inspired by MC
  sunrise-x-buttons	      available	 Mouse-clickable shortcut buttons for the Sunrise Commander File Manager
  sunrise-x-checkpoints	      available	 Checkpoint bookmarks for the Sunrise Commander File Manager
  sunrise-x-loop	      available	 Asynchronous execution of filesystem operations for the Sunrise Commander File Manager
  sunrise-x-mirror	      available	 Full read/write access to compressed archives for the Sunrise Commander File Manager
  sunrise-x-modeline	      available	 Navigable mode line for the Sunrise Commander File Manager
  sunrise-x-old-checkpoints   available	 backward compatibility checkpoint functions for the Sunrise Commander File Manager
  sunrise-x-popviewer	      available	 Floating viewer window for the Sunrise Commander
  sunrise-x-tabs	      available	 Tabs for the Sunrise Commander File Manager
  sunrise-x-tree	      available	 Tree View for the Sunrise Commander File Manager
  sunrise-x-w32-addons	      available	 MS-Windows-specific utilities for the Sunrise Commander File Manager -*- lexical-binding: t -*-
  suomalainen-kalenteri	      available	 
  superego		      available	 highlight your name
  swank-clojure		      available	 Slime adapter for clojure
  swank-js		      available	 SLIME REPL and other development tools for in-browser JavaScript and Node.JS
  swbuff-x		      available	 Modifications to David Ponce's swbuff
  sweat			      available	 
  switch-color-theme-matlab-latex available color themes for matlab
  switch-file		      available	 switch from one file to another.
  switch-to-new-buffer	      available	 Switch to a new buffer with default name
  switch-window		      available	 A *visual* way to choose a window to switch to
  symlink-fix		      available	 Remove symbolic links from file pathnames.
  synonyms		      available	 Look up synonyms for a word or phrase in a thesaurus.
  syntactic-sugar	      available	 Effect-free forms such as if/then/else
  sys			      available	 Determine which kind of system Emacs is running.
  tab-in-tabular	      available	 Treat ampersands like table field separators
  tabbar		      available	 Display a tab bar in the header line
  tabbar-extension	      available	 Some extension for tabbar.
  tabbar-ruler		      available	 Tabbar ruler is an emacs package that allows both the tabbar and the ruler to be used together. In addition it allows auto-hiding of the menu-bar and tool-bar.
  tablature-mode	      available	 Modes for editing guitar tablature in GNU emacs
  tacl-mode		      available	 Handles the Tandem/NSK/Guardian TACL language.
  tacl-syntax		      available	 
  tag			      available	 tagging files
  tagbody		      available	 Common Lisp `tagbody' for Emacs Lisp
  tagger		      available	 Tagged information handler
  tagging		      available	 A global Status bar for emacs
  tags-tree		      available	 Display tree of TAGS
  tail			      available	 Tail files within Emacs
  tal-indent		      available	 Handles indentation functions for tal-mode.
  tal-mode		      available	 Handles the Tandem/NSK/Guardian TAL & PTAL languages.
  task-timer		      available	 Simple task timer package.
  tc			      available	 cite text with proper filling
  tcp-client		      available	 Providing a network interface
  teco			      available	 Dale Worley's teco-in-elisp interpreter
  tellicopy		      available	 A minor mode for saving the thing at point to `kill-ring'
  telnet-contrib	      available	 Telnet commands for Emacs on MS Windows.
  tempbuf		      available	 kill unused buffers in the background
  template-simple	      available	 Simple template functions and utils
  tempo-c-cpp		      available	 abbrevs for c/c++ programming
  tempo-x		      available	 More elements for tempo
  term-toggle		      available	 Toggle to and from the *terminal* buffer
  terminal-notifier-el	      available	 Emacs interface for terminal-notifier for MacOSX notification center.
  test			      available	 
  test-unit		      available	 Unit Test Framework for Emacs Lisp
  testr			      available	 Quick and easy Ruby TDD
  texlabel		      available	 Auto insertion of equation labels in TeX
  texmate-import	      available	 
  text-translator	      available	 Translate text within GNU Emacs by online translators
  text-translator-load	      available	 Text Translator
  text-translator-vars	      available	 Text Translator
  textile-mode		      available	 Textile editing mode
  textlint		      available	 Allows the integration of TextLint within Emacs
  textmate		      available	 TextMate minor mode for Emacs
  textmate-to-yas	      available	 Convert Textmate snippets to Yasnippets
  textmenu		      available	 alternate text mode access to menu-bar
  tfs			      available	 MS Team Foundation Server commands for Emacs.
  theme-roller		      available	 A collection of activly maintained emacs themes
  thesaurus		      available	 replace a word with a synonym looked up in a web service.
  thing-cmds		      available	 Commands that use things, as defined by `thingatpt.el'.
  thing-edit		      available	 Extension thing edit
  thing-edit-extension	      available	 Some enhanced functions for thing-edit.el
  thing-opt		      available	 Thing at Point optional utilities
  thingatpt+		      available	 Extensions to `thingatpt.el'.
  thingatpt-ext		      available	 Thing at point extensions
  thumb-frm		      available	 Commands for thumbnail frames.
  thumb-page		      available	 create a muse file with thumbs
  thumbs		      available	 Thumbnails previewer for images files
  thumbs-xmas		      available	 Thumbnails previewer for images files
  tidy			      available	 Interface to the HTML Tidy program
  tie-mode		      available	 Tie code editing commands for GNU Emacs
  tiling		      available	 changing window layout
  time-ext		      available	 more function for time/date
  timeclock-x		      available	 Extra features for John Wiegley's timeclock package
  timer+		      available	 Extensions to `timer.el'.
  timid			      available	 timid completion
  title-time		      available	 like display-time but in the title-bar
  tjic-blog		      available	 
  tjic-shell		      available	 
  tjic-website		      available	 
  tjicutil-funcs	      available	 
  todochiku		      available	 A mode for interfacing with Growl, Snarl, and the like.
  todostack		      available	 keep a to-do list as a simple stack
  toggle		      available	 quickly open corresponding file (eg test vs impl).
  toggle-backslash-line	      available	  toggle between slashes and backslashes in the current line
  toggle-friend-file	      available	 Toggles between friend files (e.g. h and cpp). See customize-group toggle-friend-file.
  token-example		      available	 example for Parser Compiler introducing tokens.
  tomatinho		      available	 Pomodoro technique timer with a lean and usable interface.
  tomorrow-night-paradise-theme	available A light-on-dark Emacs theme which is essentially a tweaked version of Chris Kempson's Tomorrow Night Bright theme.
  tomorrow-theme	      available	 Colour Schemes for Hackers
  tool-bar+		      available	 Extensions to standard library tool-bar.el
  toolbox		      available	 create simple menus in buffers
  tooltip-help		      available	 show help as tooltip
  top-mode		      available	 run 
  topsongs		      available	 a song database for the lazy emacser
  tortoise-svn		      available	 
  tpum			      available	 Popup menus in text mode.
  traad			      available	 A XMLRPC server for the rope Python refactoring library
  track-scroll		      available	 Enable direct scrolling with the mouse
  tracker-dired		      available	 
  tracking		      available	 Buffer modification tracking
  tramp-adb		      available	 use adb in tramp
  trans-ej		      available	 English-Japanese translator using web translation service -*- Coding: utf-8 -*-
  trans-regions		      available	 Transpose regions command.
  transpar		      available	 Transpose paragraph text as a table.
  transpose-frame	      available	 Transpose windows arrangement in a frame
  trantab		      available	 translation table bundles
  trash-settings	      available	 Intelligent integration with system trash
  trashcan		      available	 A recoverable file deletion system
  traverselisp		      available	 walk through directories and perform actions on files.
  tree-mode		      available	 A mode to manage tree widgets
  truthy		      available	 Test the content of a value
  ts-mode		      available	 An Emacs major mode for editing TypoScript files
  tsql-indent		      available	 indents TSQL (and other SQL) statements
  tsv-mode		      available	 Major mode for edit table files
  tuareg-mode		      available	 A  GOOD Emacs mode to edit Objective Caml code.
  tumbl			      available	 Post to tumblr.com from emacs
  tumme			      available	 use dired to browse and manipulate your images
  twilight-anti-bright-theme  available	 A light-on-dark Emacs theme inspired by the dark-on-light Twilight Bright TextMate theme.
  twilight-bright-theme	      available	 A Emacs port of the TextMate theme by the same name with some minor tweaks and additions.
  twit			      available	 Interface with twitter.com
  twitter		      available	 Simple Emacs-based client for Twitter
  twittering-mode	      available	 Major mode for Twitter
  two-mode-mode		      available	 switches between tcl and sgml(html) modes
  txt2tags-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing Txt2Tags files
  type-test		      available	 Typing test
  typing		      available	 The Typing Of Emacs
  typopunct		      available	 Automatic typographical punctuation marks
  tzhelp		      available	 very simple time zone tools
  ucs-cmds		      available	 Macro to create commands that insert Unicode chars.
  ucs-utils		      available	 Utilities for Unicode characters
  ucs-utils-6.0-delta	      available	 Unicode 5.2 to 6.0 delta
  uim-el		      available	 A multilingual input method framework for Emacs
  ukrainian-holidays	      available	 
  ul			      available	 insert/remove underlining in Emacs
  unaccent		      available	 Functions dealing with accented characters.
  unbound		      available	 find convenient unbound keystrokes
  undo-tree		      available	 Treat undo history as a tree
  unicad		      available	 an elisp port of Mozilla Universal Charset Auto Detector
  unicode-enbox		      available	 Surround a string with box-drawing characters
  unicode-fonts		      available	 Configure Unicode fonts
  unicode-helper	      available	 Unicode helper functions
  unicode-progress-reporter   available	 Progress-reporter with fancy characters
  unicode-whitespace	      available	 teach whitespace-mode about fancy characters
  unidiff		      available	 editing unified format patches
  unify-buffer		      available	 Concatenate multiple buffers
  unit-test		      available	 Run unit tests from Emacs with visual feedback
  unparen		      available	 show elisp code without parenthesis'
  url-asciionly		      available	 ffap url handling workaround
  usage-memo		      available	 integration of Emacs help system and memo
  use-package		      available	 Arrange use of an elisp package
  uuid			      available	 Provides uuid generating functions
  vbnet-mode		      available	 A mode for editing Visual Basic .NET programs.
  vbs-repl		      available	 Support for VBScript programming in Emacs
  vc+			      available	 Extensions for `vc.el'.
  vc-			      available	 Extensions to `vc.el'.
  vc-bzr		      available	 VC backend for the bzr revision control system
  vc-darcs		      available	 A VC backend for darcs
  vc-fossil		      available	 VC integration for Fossil-scm in Emacs
  vc-hooks+		      available	 Extensions to `vc-hooks.el'.
  vc-jump		      available	 jump to status buffer for the current VC
  vcl-mode		      available	 Syntax highlighting for Varnish Command Language
  vcomp			      available	 Compare version strings
  vector-utils		      available	 Vector-manipulation utility functions
  vel			      available	 keyboard/mouse-based 
  verbiste		      available	 Word conjugation
  versions		      available	 version string comparison
  vertical-consistency	      available	 make opposite vertical movement go back its track
  vhdl-goto-def		      available	 Jumps to definition of signal, constant or function
  vhdl-process-wave	      available	 processes waveform saved of modelsim
  viewer		      available	 View-mode extension
  vim-elscreen		      available	 
  vimpulse		      available	 Vimpulse is an add-on for the Emacs text editor. Vimpulse makes Emacs emulate the Vim editor's most useful features, including Visual mode.
  vimpulse-surround	      available	 Emulate surround.vim in Vimpulse
  viper-in-more-modes	      available	 vi-like keybindings for various Emacs modes
  virtual-desktops	      available	 allows you to save/restore a frame configuration: windows and buffers.
  virtualenv		      available	 Virtualenv for Python
  visible-lines		      available	 move across visible lines instead of logic lines
  visible-mark		      available	 Make marks visible.
  visual-basic-mode	      available	 A mode for editing Visual Basic programs.
  visws			      available	 Make whitespace visible    -*- coding: latin-1 -*-
  vkill			      available	 View and kill Unix processes from within Emacs
  vlf			      available	 View Large Files
  vline			      available	 show vertical line (column highlighting) mode.
  vm-thread		      available	 Functions for collapsing threads in a VM Summary buffer
  vnesting		      available	 Show form nesting with vertical bars
  volatile-highlights	      available	 Minor mode for visual feedback on some operations in Emacs
  volctrl		      available	 Elisp interface to controling audio output 
  vsh-mode		      available	 
  w32-browser		      available	 Run Windows application associated with a file.
  w32-exec-predef	      available	 execute Start Menu shortcuts from inside Emacs
  w32-find-dired	      available	 light w32 replacement for `find-dired'
  w32-send-mapi		      available	 send e-mail messages using MAPI
  w32-shell-execute	      available	 w32 specific.  execute any of the 'Explorer verbs' available for a file or directory
  w32-shell-verb	      available	 ShellExecute verbs on a file
  w32-symlinks		      available	 MS Windows symbolic link (shortcut) support
  w32-utl		      available	 small utility functions implemented using vbscript
  w32browser-dlgopen	      available	 Use w32browser with standard Windows Open File box.
  w3m-extension		      available	 Emacs-W3m extensions
  w3m-fb		      available	 frame-local buffers support for Emacs-w3m
  w3m-session		      available	 Persistent emacs-w3m sessions
  w3m-type-ahead	      available	 type ahead support for Emacs-w3m
  w3xt			      available	 extended MIME control in w3m
  wajig			      available	 an interface for wajig
  wanderlust		      available	 Wanderlust bootstrap.
  warn-mail		      available	 warn for mails incoming
  waveform-mode		      available	 
  wb-line-number	      available	 wb-line-number
  wc			      available	 count words
  wc-mode		      available	 show wc-like information in status bar
  wcheck-mode		      available	 
  wcy-complete		      available	 extremely simple version of tempo, not as powerful as tempo. 
  wcy-compose		      available	 some helper function that is not defined by default
  wcy-desktop		      available	 faster than desktop.el and less features.
  wcy-display-line-number     available	 line number mode for Emacs
  wcy-recentf		      available	 open recent saved file and recent opened file
  wcy-swbuff		      available	 switch buffer quickly
  wdired		      available	 Rename files editing their names in dired buffers
  wdired-extension	      available	 Some extension functions for `wdired.el'.
  webgen-mode		      available	 webgen mode
  webjump++		      available	 Easy search web on engines.
  weblogger		      available	 
  weblogger-el		      available	 Weblog maintenance via XML-RPC APIs
  websocket		      available	 A websocket implementation in elisp, for emacs.
  weekly-view		      available	 bar graph view of the week's diary events
  wget-extension	      available	 Some enhanced functions for wget.el
  wgrep			      available	 Writable grep buffer and apply the changes to files
  whine			      available	 complaint generator for GNU Emacs
  whitespace		      available	 minor mode to visualize TAB, (HARD) SPACE, NEWLINE
  whole-line-or-region	      available	 Operate on current line if region undefined
  wid-edit+		      available	 Extensions to standard library `wid-edit.el'.
  wide-n		      available	 Cycle among buffer restrictions
  widen-window		      available	 Widening selecting window
  widget-demo		      available	 Some recipes for creating widgets
  wiki			      available	 hypertext authoring the WikiWay
  wiki-inter		      available	 interwikis for wiki.el
  wiki-nav		      available	 Simple file navigation using [[WikiStrings]]
  wiki-remote		      available	 edit pages on a remote wiki
  wikiarea		      available	 Interface to the Emacs Wiki's Elisp area
  wikiarea-fixed	      available	 Interface to the Emacs Wiki's Elisp area
  wikidoc		      available	 use elisp doc strings to make other documentation
  wikify-ell		      available	 Transform the ELL into a Wiki page.
  wikipedia-mode	      available	 Mode for editing Wikipedia articles off-line
  wikirel		      available	 Visit relevant pages on the Emacs Wiki
  wikitext-mode		      available	 Mode for editing Wikitexts
  wimpy-del		      available	 Require confirmation for large region deletion.
  win-switch		      available	 fast, dynamic bindings for window-switching/resizing
  windata		      available	 convert window configuration to list
  window+		      available	 Extensions to `window.el'.
  window-end-visible	      available	 Find the last visible point in a window
  window-extension	      available	 Some extension functions manipulate window.
  window-layout		      available	 window layout manager
  window-number		      available	 Select windows by numbers
  windows		      available	 Window manager for GNU Emacs.
  windows-path		      available	 Teach cygwin EMACS about windows styles path
  windresize-extension	      available	 Some extension functions for `windresize.el'
  winpoint		      available	 Remember buffer positions per-window, not per buffer
  wl-gravatar		      available	 Gravatar fetch/store functions
  wl-list		      available	 List all W3M buffers.
  wn-mode		      available	 numeric window switching shortcuts
  wn-org		      available	 an org-mode interface for Word Net
  wordfreq		      available	 Get word's frequency of usage.
  wordnik		      available	  lookup a word on wordnik
  work-timer		      available	 A timer so you know when telax, and when to work
  workgroups		      available	 Workgroups for windows (for Emacs)
  worklog		      available	 
  workspaces		      available	 implemented using registers
  wpdl-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing WPDL files
  wrap-region		      available	 Wrap text with punctation or tag
  write-or-die		      available	 deletes word from buffer if you stop typing for to long
  ws-tests		      available	 automated tests for win-switch
  wsh-repl		      available	 Windows Scripting Host REPL (in javascript)
  wthreetwo-winprint	      available	 
  wuxch-bookmark	      available	 
  wuxch-browse-kill-ring      available	 
  wuxch-buffer		      available	 
  wuxch-cc		      available	 
  wuxch-cua		      available	 
  wuxch-current-point	      available	 
  wuxch-cursor		      available	 
  wuxch-date		      available	 
  wuxch-desktop		      available	 
  wuxch-diary		      available	 
  wuxch-dict		      available	 
  wuxch-dired		      available	 
  wuxch-dired-copy-paste      available	 
  wuxch-dos-unix	      available	 
  wuxch-ediff		      available	 
  wuxch-elisp		      available	 
  wuxch-elisp-tag	      available	 
  wuxch-fill-column	      available	 
  wuxch-find-grep	      available	 
  wuxch-font		      available	 
  wuxch-fontlock	      available	 
  wuxch-fringe		      available	 
  wuxch-fringe-bookmark	      available	 
  wuxch-goto-char	      available	 
  wuxch-hex		      available	 
  wuxch-hideshow	      available	 
  wuxch-ibookmark	      available	 
  wuxch-icicles		      available	 
  wuxch-imenu		      available	 
  wuxch-indent		      available	 
  wuxch-mode		      available	 
  wuxch-mode-line	      available	 
  wuxch-org		      available	 
  wuxch-outline		      available	 
  wuxch-point-stack	      available	 
  wuxch-predictive	      available	 
  wuxch-register	      available	 
  wuxch-sgml		      available	 
  wuxch-shell		      available	 
  wuxch-tag		      available	 
  wuxch-tex		      available	 
  wwtime		      available	 Insert a time of day with appropriate world-wide localization
  x-face-magic		      available	 various x-face utils
  x-face-mini		      available	 Create MINI X-Face image for XEmacs/Emacs21+.
  x-migrant		      available	 Support for subprocesses handling remote X displays
  xahk-mode		      available	 Major mode for editing AHK (AutoHotKey) scripts.
  xclip			      available	 Emacs Interface to XClip
  xcode			      available	 
  xcscope		      available	 Cscope interface for (X)Emacs
  xcscope+		      available	 Providing an extension to xcscope.
  xgtags		      available	 gtags facility for Emacs
  xgtags-extension	      available	 Some extension for xgtags.el
  xlicense		      available	 Insert a pre-defined license text
  xml-parse		      available	 Code to efficiently read/write XML data with Elisp
  xml-rpc		      available	 An elisp implementation of clientside XML-RPC
  xml-rpc-el		      available	 An elisp implementation of clientside XML-RPC
  xml-weather		      available	 Get xml-weather infos in emacs. 
  xpath			      available	 XPATH implementation
  xpath-parser		      available	 XPATH parser
  xquery-mode		      available	 A simple mode for editing xquery programs
  xray			      available	 Display internal object structures in a temporary buffer.
  xs-mode		      available	 A simple major mode for write perl XS code
  xsl-mode		      available	 XSL Mode
  xsocks		      available	 emacs sockets extender
  xt-mouse-xmas		      available	 Xemacs port of xt-mouse.el - Support the mouse when emacs run in an xterm.
  yahoo-weather		      available	 Get the weather from yahoo.
  yalinum		      available	 Yet another display line numbers.
  yaml-mode		      available	 Simple major mode to edit YAML file for emacs
  yang-mode		      available	 
  yaoddmuse		      available	 Yet Another Oddmuse Mode
  yaoddmuse-extension	      available	 Some enhanced functions for yaoddmuse.el
  yari			      available	 Yet Another RI interface for Emacs
  yas-jit		      available	 Just in time loading of yasnippets
  yascroll		      available	 Yet Another Scroll Bar Mode
  yasnippet		      available	 YASnippet is a template system for Emacs.
  yasnippet-config	      available	 Configuration of yasnippet.el
  yatm			      available	 Yet Another Text Menu
  yiddish		      available	 
  zenburn		      available	 
  zenburn-theme		      available	 Zenburn theme for Emacs
  zencoding-mode	      available	 Unfold CSS-selector-like expressions to markup
  zenirc-chanbuf	      available	 zenirc one channel per buffer support
  zjl-hl		      available	 
  zoom-frm		      available	 Commands to zoom frame font size.
  zotexo		      available	 integrate zotero collections to emacs RefTex/BibTex
